
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10427596037375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116502742                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                217553730                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              288864672                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    52.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6157509221                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11498350209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10036352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10056576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9943168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9943168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1324657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657373798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658698456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1324657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1324657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651270314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651270314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651270314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1324657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657373798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1309968770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157135                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155362                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157135                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155362                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10056640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9943424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10056640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9943168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267239000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157135                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155362                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        26996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    740.848126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   575.089894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.956624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2185      8.09%      8.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2209      8.18%     16.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1780      6.59%     22.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1355      5.02%     27.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1125      4.17%     32.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1366      5.06%     37.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1449      5.37%     42.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1570      5.82%     48.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13957     51.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        26996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.193116                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.135383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.778932                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             35      0.36%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            87      0.90%      1.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9391     96.77%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           138      1.42%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            18      0.19%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            12      0.12%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             7      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             5      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9704                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.197617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9671     99.66%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9704                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2881138500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5827419750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18335.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37085.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143673                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141832                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48855.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97325340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51725850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               564781140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407055600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         743714400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1491220320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64824960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2093218980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       295759680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1599190500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7408816770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.272141                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11828175250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42870250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     315152000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6467704250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    770205500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3081146625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4590265500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 95426100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 50723970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557162760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403954920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         738797280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1482636120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65752800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2052722760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       310982400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1616032680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7374191790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            483.004230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11808768500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44867750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     313078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6533289875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    809819000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3064642000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4501647500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1253014                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1253014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5993                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1246155                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3480                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               727                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1246155                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1213091                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33064                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4151                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     359419                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1240381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          699                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2636                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47117                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67250                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5508573                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1253014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1216571                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30430152                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12556                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1064                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46936                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1773                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30505072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.364802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.617169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28876117     94.66%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40902      0.13%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   43799      0.14%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  235203      0.77%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27603      0.09%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8258      0.03%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8788      0.03%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25438      0.08%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1238964      4.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30505072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041036                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.180404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  383986                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28719132                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   642078                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               753598                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6278                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11069152                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6278                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  661743                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 221940                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13001                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1116966                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28485144                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11038901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28191102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14096745                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23304654                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12684428                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           302006                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13858130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  238656                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               123                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           127                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4776643                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              368674                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1247371                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20430                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10984147                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10928975                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1747                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         154335                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       223439                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           612                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30505072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.358267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.229879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27533971     90.26%     90.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             473375      1.55%     91.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             526776      1.73%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349074      1.14%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             296919      0.97%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1004855      3.29%     98.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             122956      0.40%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             172029      0.56%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25117      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30505072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  75824     94.57%     94.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  396      0.49%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   804      1.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  196      0.24%     96.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2778      3.46%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             178      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4090      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9239331     84.54%     84.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  81      0.00%     84.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  269      0.00%     84.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81566      0.75%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              315728      2.89%     88.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1203591     11.01%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46225      0.42%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38094      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10928975                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.357920                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      80176                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007336                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52073973                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10935913                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10725935                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             370973                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            203454                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       181951                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10817944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187117                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2064                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21413                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          175                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11438                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          581                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6278                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  50681                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               135300                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10984869                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               368674                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1247371                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               317                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   372                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               134767                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           175                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1708                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5816                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7524                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10914898                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               359269                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14078                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1599633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1228875                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1240364                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.357459                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10910816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10907886                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7960928                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11108783                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.357229                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716634                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         154573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6151                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30480225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.355331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.257099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27601952     90.56%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       341356      1.12%     91.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324304      1.06%     92.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1089050      3.57%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65282      0.21%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       659930      2.17%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        75576      0.25%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22990      0.08%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       299785      0.98%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30480225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5342773                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10830558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1583198                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       347263                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1222889                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178394                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10735030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2236      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9165236     84.62%     84.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             62      0.00%     84.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79606      0.74%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         303071      2.80%     88.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1198257     11.06%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44192      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10830558                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               299785                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41165571                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21995544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          29616                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5342773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10830558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.715139                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.715139                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.174974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.174974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12484969                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8294212                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   281785                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143148                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6131429                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5509903                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4064004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156892                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1564842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.974008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6525688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6525688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       352687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         352687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1080332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1080332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1433019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1433019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1433019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1433019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    318039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14028262998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14028262998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14346301998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14346301998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14346301998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14346301998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       356256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       356256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1235943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1235943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1592199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1592199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1592199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1592199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89111.515831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89111.515831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90149.558823                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90149.558823                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90126.284697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90126.284697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90126.284697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90126.284697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12125                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          394                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    78.225806                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          197                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    132169500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132169500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13872218999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13872218999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14004388499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14004388499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14004388499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14004388499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102377.614253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102377.614253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89150.213676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89150.213676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89259.053762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89259.053762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89259.053762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89259.053762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.832825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1936433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3415.225750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.832825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188316                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54848500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54848500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54848500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54848500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54848500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54848500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78692.252511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78692.252511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78692.252511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78692.252511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78692.252511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78692.252511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           15                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40174500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40174500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40174500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40174500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40174500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40174500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70235.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70235.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70235.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70235.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70235.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70235.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157629                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.904232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.860104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16300.235664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9601                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2676869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2676869                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155957                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          567                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              567                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            252                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                252                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            50                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                50                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          316                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              316                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1241                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1241                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13638493000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13638493000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36647000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     36647000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    129644500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    129644500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36647000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13768137500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13804784500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36647000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13768137500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13804784500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155957                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          567                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          567                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155601                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155601                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1291                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1291                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.556338                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.556338                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.961270                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.961270                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.556338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.556338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87663.941328                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87663.941328                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115971.518987                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115971.518987                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104467.767929                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104467.767929                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115971.518987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87796.920634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87853.580384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 115971.518987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87796.920634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87853.580384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155577                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155577                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          316                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          316                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1241                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1241                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12082723000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12082723000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33487000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33487000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    117234500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117234500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33487000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12199957500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12233444500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12199957500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12233444500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.556338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.556338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.961270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.961270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.556338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.556338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77663.941328                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77663.941328                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105971.518987                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105971.518987                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94467.767929                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94467.767929                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105971.518987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77796.920634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77853.580384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105971.518987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77796.920634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77853.580384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314119                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156996                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1622                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19999744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19999744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19999744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157135    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936081000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826501000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314927                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157459                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           90                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            735                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          735                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1863                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311319                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3202                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20022336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20094976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157633                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9943424                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051102                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314272     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    825      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313987500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            858000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
