
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5908462176375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               76535690                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                142177040                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              202668052                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    75.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5765566604                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10710446260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12633024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12633024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        25984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           25984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         827453937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             827453937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1701933                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1701933                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1701933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        827453937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            829155870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197390                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        406                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197390                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      406                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12629440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   25600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12632960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                25984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     55                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267301000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197390                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  406                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.871245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.584486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.667595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41060     42.14%     42.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44970     46.15%     88.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9891     10.15%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1309      1.34%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          170      0.17%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           8065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7855.905948                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1812.741639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            3     12.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      8.00%     24.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      8.00%     32.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     12.00%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      4.00%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      8.00%     56.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            4     16.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      8.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      8.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      8.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               25    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4775781000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8475812250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  986675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24201.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42951.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       827.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    827.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99950                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     340                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77187.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349096020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185529960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               709858800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 793440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1648311180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24616800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5156662890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       107539200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9387102690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.848438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11588769500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9904250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    279856250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3158964250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11309019375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346661280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184258635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               699113100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1294560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1633503150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24464160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5183904330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        97221600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9375729855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.103526                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11621970500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    253356500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3126051250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11368626375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1397205                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1397205                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            60293                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1105589                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  43492                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6994                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1105589                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            585780                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          519809                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20766                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     674489                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      54001                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       136932                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          829                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1152689                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5648                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1179069                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4123057                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1397205                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            629272                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29171107                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 124164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        50915                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1147041                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6956                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     14                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30467753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.272155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.317975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28869548     94.75%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22548      0.07%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  563836      1.85%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   27084      0.09%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  117022      0.38%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   55599      0.18%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   79829      0.26%     97.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   22885      0.08%     97.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  709402      2.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30467753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.045758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.135029                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  585845                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28777179                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   757890                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               284757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 62082                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6825797                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 62082                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  672011                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27599116                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11940                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   884454                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1238150                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6544204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                59817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                954489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                232028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7780354                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18119821                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8633728                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            32884                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2771315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5009015                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               254                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           317                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1818563                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1166412                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              78948                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4915                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6202107                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4913                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4477072                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3899555                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7946243                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4913                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30467753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.146945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.699112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28610508     93.90%     93.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             751617      2.47%     96.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             393131      1.29%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             266088      0.87%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             259490      0.85%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              77753      0.26%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              67437      0.22%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              24250      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17479      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30467753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9722     68.32%     68.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1078      7.58%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3155     22.17%     98.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  252      1.77%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               10      0.07%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              14      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18428      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3672507     82.03%     82.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1178      0.03%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9155      0.20%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13399      0.30%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              702686     15.70%     98.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              58035      1.30%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1628      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            56      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4477072                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.146622                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      14231                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39410035                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10081089                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4290127                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              31456                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             25486                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14458                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4456684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16191                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       735940                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          166                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        53059                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1105                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 62082                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25700874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               262012                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6207020                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3902                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1166412                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               78948                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1784                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16529                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                66648                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31035                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        38398                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               69433                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4395588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               674281                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            81484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      728265                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  524972                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     53984                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.143954                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4320401                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4304585                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3140080                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5000884                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.140974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.627905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3900155                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            62082                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29909468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.506505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28892789     96.60%     96.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       470481      1.57%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       115362      0.39%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       308265      1.03%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        51767      0.17%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25902      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5306      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3740      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35856      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29909468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1155341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2307442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        456359                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       430470                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    411992                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10374                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2296892                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4575                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3188      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1831033     79.35%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            183      0.01%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7811      0.34%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8868      0.38%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         428964     18.59%     98.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         25889      1.12%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1506      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2307442                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                35856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36081209                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12975109                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            483                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          66935                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1155341                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2307442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.429156                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.429156                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037837                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037837                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4465271                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3729940                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    25792                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12862                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2739179                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1189756                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2297796                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           224962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             290983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           224962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.293476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2993674                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2993674                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       266887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         266887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        25002                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25002                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       291889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          291889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       291889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         291889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       399402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       399402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          887                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       400289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        400289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       400289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       400289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34421273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34421273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33072499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33072499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34454345499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34454345499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34454345499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34454345499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       666289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       666289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        25889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       692178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       692178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       692178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       692178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.599443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.599443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034262                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034262                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.578304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.578304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.578304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.578304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86182.024627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86182.024627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37285.793687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37285.793687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86073.675517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86073.675517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86073.675517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86073.675517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15460                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              676                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.869822                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       175317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       175327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       175327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       224085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       224962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       224962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19284077500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19284077500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31330499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31330499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19315407999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19315407999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19315407999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19315407999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.336318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033875                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033875                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.325006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.325006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86056.976147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86056.976147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35724.628278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35724.628278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85860.758701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85860.758701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85860.758701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85860.758701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4588164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4588164                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1147041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1147041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1147041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1147041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1147041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1147041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1147041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1147041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1147041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1147041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1147041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1147041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197397                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      250984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.271468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.832817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.167183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10672                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3794389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3794389                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2114                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2114                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               642                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   642                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         26930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             26930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                27572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    27572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               27572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   27572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197390                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197390                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22990500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      22990500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18640818000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18640818000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18663808500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18663808500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18663808500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18663808500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2114                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2114                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               877                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224085                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        224085                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           224962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               224962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          224962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              224962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267959                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.267959                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.879822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.877437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.877437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.877437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.877437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97831.914894                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97831.914894                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94549.050240                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94549.050240                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94552.958610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94552.958610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94552.958610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94552.958610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197155                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197155                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20640500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20640500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16669268000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16669268000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16689908500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16689908500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16689908500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16689908500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.877437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.877437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.877437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.877437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87831.914894                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87831.914894                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84549.050240                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84549.050240                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84552.958610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84552.958610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84552.958610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84552.958610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        394772                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197390                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       592162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       592162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 592162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12658944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12658944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12658944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197390    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           466026000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1066272500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       449924                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       224961                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          544                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            224085                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2520                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          419839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       224085                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       674886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                674886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14532864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14532864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197397                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     25984                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           422359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001324                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 421801     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    557      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             422359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          227076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         337443000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
