
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2290101618750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               19963175                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 36457440                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60512769                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   252.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5036699438                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9198194913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1164672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1164992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1080768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1080768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           18198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          76285174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              76306134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        70789522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             70789522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        70789522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         76285174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            147095656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       18203                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16887                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     18203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16887                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1164672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1080640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1164992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1080768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266907000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 18203                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16887                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   17093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        25033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     89.691527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.994052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.712850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        18058     72.14%     72.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5101     20.38%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1151      4.60%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          477      1.91%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          126      0.50%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           57      0.23%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           33      0.13%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           16      0.06%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639           11      0.04%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        25033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.585291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.511628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.668801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                3      0.31%      0.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              113     11.54%     11.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              141     14.40%     26.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              228     23.29%     49.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              226     23.08%     72.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              150     15.32%     87.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               74      7.56%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               26      2.66%     98.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               13      1.33%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                3      0.31%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                2      0.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.247191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.216060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.031299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              379     38.71%     38.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               29      2.96%     41.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              521     53.22%     94.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               50      5.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    501750750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               842963250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   90990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27571.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46321.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        76.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        70.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     76.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     70.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6427                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3623                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     435078.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 84344820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 44834130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                61261200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41733900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1219445760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1044655530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             33941280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4453134690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1159081440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         46486860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8188962510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.371123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12887179625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29023500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     516098000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    103853750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3018448000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1834110250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9765810625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 94390800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 50166105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                68672520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               46405800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1214528640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1019032890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             29483520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4591758120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1073044320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         38049660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8225668485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.775338                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12954449125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18907750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     513958000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     91506500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2794336000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1779319750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10069316125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13179725                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13179725                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1350351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11010478                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1077258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            192089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11010478                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2670312                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8340166                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       886623                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6963425                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2395957                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        84165                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        17488                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6527493                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2508                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7352066                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56263514                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13179725                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3747570                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21815900                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2702788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        13                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        13924                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6524985                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               311855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.010758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.671500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12201168     39.96%     39.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  529694      1.73%     41.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  913463      2.99%     44.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1332063      4.36%     49.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  607132      1.99%     51.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1149224      3.76%     54.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  986572      3.23%     58.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  500502      1.64%     59.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12314342     40.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431631                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.842610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5551019                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8491205                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13670415                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1470127                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1351394                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109730540                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1351394                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6620655                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6963323                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        247495                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13859131                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1492162                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102715369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                36193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                820611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                426300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115475328                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255325982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140276276                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         18927928                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48924865                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                66550473                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             31490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33981                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3548291                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9457034                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3312263                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           161785                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          171430                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89353601                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             217093                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71256022                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           666063                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47299262                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68622327                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        216984                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.333649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.588154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13198483     43.23%     43.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2248151      7.36%     50.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2811542      9.21%     59.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2341369      7.67%     67.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2369501      7.76%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2244997      7.35%     82.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2639236      8.64%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1624773      5.32%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1056108      3.46%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1441456     92.82%     92.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                81957      5.28%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4457      0.29%     98.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1988      0.13%     98.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22462      1.45%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             577      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1806910      2.54%      2.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54246327     76.13%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3056      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                76676      0.11%     78.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4947039      6.94%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5198216      7.30%     93.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2600728      3.65%     96.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2375271      3.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1799      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71256022                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.333609                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1552897                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         160222689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119311941                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60387290                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15042480                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17558276                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6710659                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63472416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7529593                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          237587                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5668175                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4052                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          299                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1594710                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3566                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1351394                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6120427                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                12184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89570694                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9457034                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3312263                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             89134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5240                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5009                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           299                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        407648                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1289232                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1696880                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68254282                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6929750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3001745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9325139                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6288421                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2395389                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.235303                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67643340                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     67097949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49713146                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88672557                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.197434                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560637                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47299390                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1351231                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23354745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.809972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.421091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10705503     45.84%     45.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3061935     13.11%     58.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3486561     14.93%     73.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1881997      8.06%     81.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       956475      4.10%     86.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       790012      3.38%     89.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       319159      1.37%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       325346      1.39%     92.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1827757      7.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23354745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19195645                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              42271440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5506414                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3788860                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4412235                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3178640                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39566297                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              383054                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       712837      1.69%      1.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33605974     79.50%     81.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            993      0.00%     81.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           50670      0.12%     81.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2394552      5.66%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3015404      7.13%     94.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1717554      4.06%     98.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       773456      1.83%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         42271440                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1827757                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111097818                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186454548                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             78                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            528                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19195645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42271440                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.590709                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.590709                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.628650                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.628650                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87631725                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51616220                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10634875                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6305016                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36600703                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                18009327                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22181732                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            20634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             547744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.545701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          765                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33470250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33470250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6619101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6619101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1707098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1707098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8326199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8326199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8326199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8326199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        25594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        36205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         36205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        36205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        36205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1813988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1813988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1001595000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1001595000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2815583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2815583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2815583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2815583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6644695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6644695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1717709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1717709                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8362404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8362404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8362404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8362404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006177                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70875.517699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70875.517699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94392.140232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94392.140232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77767.794504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77767.794504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77767.794504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77767.794504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           65                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    880798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    880798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    951283500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    951283500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1832081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1832081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1832081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1832081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005886                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005886                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83583.032834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83583.032834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94084.017407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94084.017407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88724.950361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88724.950361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88724.950361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88724.950361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.788257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             123563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           157.204835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.788257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26100740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26100740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6524163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6524163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6524163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6524163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6524163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6524163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          822                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10875000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10875000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6524985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6524985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6524985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6524985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6524985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6524985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13229.927007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13229.927007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13229.927007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13229.927007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13229.927007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13229.927007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9952500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9952500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9952500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9952500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9952500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9952500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12440.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12440.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12440.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12440.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12440.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12440.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18212                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       20075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.102295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       19.310260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        15.916247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16348.773492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    360804                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   360804                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17364                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17364                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          786                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              786                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                96                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    96                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            781                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                781                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 781                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3217                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           10000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8198                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8198                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    934856000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     934856000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       525000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       525000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    840028500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    840028500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1774884500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1775409500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1774884500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1775409500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17364                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17364                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          786                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          786                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10096                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10096                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          786                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            786                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         10538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            20634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                21420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           20634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               21420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.266667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.266667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990491                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.990491                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006361                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.006361                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777946                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.777946                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.006361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.881942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.849813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.006361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.881942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.849813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93485.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93485.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102467.492071                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102467.492071                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97531.844159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97533.895512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97531.844159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97533.895512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16887                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16887                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          10000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8198                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8198                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        81000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        81000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    834856000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    834856000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       475000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       475000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    758048500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    758048500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1592904500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1593379500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1592904500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1593379500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.266667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.881942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.849813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.881942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.849813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83485.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83485.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92467.492071                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92467.492071                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87531.844159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87533.895512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87531.844159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87533.895512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36411                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18210                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        54614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        54614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  54614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2245760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2245760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2245760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18207    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           108389000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           98796000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        42869                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21420                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           60                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             11338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          786                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4595                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              15                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             15                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10096                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           800                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        61932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 64304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       100608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2431872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2532480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18226                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1081664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            39661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.041372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  39593     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     68      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              39661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           39584500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1200000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          30959498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
