
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2458042404125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               17316022                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 31876926                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50427145                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   302.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5242605637                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9651071253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1239680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1239872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1024576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1024576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           19370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               19373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          81198144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              81210719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        67108987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             67108987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        67108987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         81198144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            148319707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       19373                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16009                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     19373                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16009                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1239616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1024512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1239872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1024576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267922000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 19373                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16009                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   17505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        24877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     91.002613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.753851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.963393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17742     71.32%     71.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5180     20.82%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1112      4.47%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          538      2.16%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          173      0.70%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           64      0.26%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           34      0.14%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           18      0.07%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639           12      0.05%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-831            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        24877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.738758                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.600389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.420052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                3      0.32%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               19      2.03%      2.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               46      4.93%      7.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              100     10.71%     17.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              134     14.35%     32.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              147     15.74%     48.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              166     17.77%     65.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              115     12.31%     78.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               85      9.10%     87.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               53      5.67%     92.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               36      3.85%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26               13      1.39%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                9      0.96%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                4      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                3      0.32%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30                1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.139186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.107317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.044511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              408     43.68%     43.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               32      3.43%     47.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              451     48.29%     95.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               42      4.50%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    526199500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               889368250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   96845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27167.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45917.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        81.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        67.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     81.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     67.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6901                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3595                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     431516.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 84423360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 44856900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                66144960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               39745080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1221289680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            989788470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             31747200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4490192670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1184418240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         41396160                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8194422570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.728753                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13013003750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24138000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     516872000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     81809750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3084633750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1712967250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9846923375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 93226980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 49551315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                72149700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               43816680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1216987200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            941405160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             29309280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4687119690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1073517120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         27977520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8235226545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            539.401384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13125469750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18706750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515004000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     51770250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2795404250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1608163625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10278295250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13198859                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13198859                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1372776                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11080989                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1072149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            189954                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11080989                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2645668                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8435321                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       910413                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6937628                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2336598                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        86927                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        19497                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6535054                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2513                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7370489                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56371844                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13198859                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3717817                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21774166                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2747730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        20                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        14771                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6532541                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               316936                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.019016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12185844     39.91%     39.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  522274      1.71%     41.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  903218      2.96%     44.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1328408      4.35%     48.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  607234      1.99%     50.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1143430      3.74%     54.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  997472      3.27%     57.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  498062      1.63%     59.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12348281     40.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432258                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.846158                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5564263                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8448040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13696378                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1451677                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1373865                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109907928                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1373865                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6636553                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7019463                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        245615                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13863887                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1394840                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102774683                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                32887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                768347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                393235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115627025                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255075799                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139863488                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19410805                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48105719                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67521256                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             30678                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3378290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9474879                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3249304                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           156128                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          159177                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89161170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             210177                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70795039                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           674911                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47872804                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69532430                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        210069                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.318547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.589980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13348481     43.72%     43.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2227871      7.30%     51.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2753401      9.02%     60.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2319717      7.60%     67.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2351299      7.70%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2232461      7.31%     82.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2631912      8.62%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1610406      5.27%     96.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1058675      3.47%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1426640     92.76%     92.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                79943      5.20%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4922      0.32%     98.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2662      0.17%     98.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            23423      1.52%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             320      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1833651      2.59%      2.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53807015     76.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3063      0.00%     78.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                74569      0.11%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4965714      7.01%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5136261      7.26%     92.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2540504      3.59%     96.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2433295      3.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           967      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70795039                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.318512                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1537910                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021723                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         159138773                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119170813                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59804208                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15198351                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18073586                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6738077                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62894484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7604814                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          214642                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5764434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3977                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          280                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1573389                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3206                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           18                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1373865                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6184015                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                12996                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89371347                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49927                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9474879                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3249304                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             86275                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5910                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5081                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           280                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        411230                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1311488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1722718                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67739410                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6901714                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3055631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9237672                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6225293                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2335958                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.218441                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67106803                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66542285                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49310812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87711762                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.179236                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.562192                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47873028                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1373693                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23263276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.783864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.408309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10808235     46.46%     46.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3031445     13.03%     59.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3429320     14.74%     74.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1857118      7.98%     82.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       947797      4.07%     86.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       765693      3.29%     89.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       323909      1.39%     90.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       324103      1.39%     92.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1775656      7.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23263276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18874581                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41498515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5386361                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3710446                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4335023                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3116188                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38841722                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              371813                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       702459      1.69%      1.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33011370     79.55%     81.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1801      0.00%     81.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           48372      0.12%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2348152      5.66%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2952378      7.11%     94.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1675915      4.04%     98.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       758068      1.83%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41498515                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1775656                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110859163                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186152834                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             75                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18874581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41498515                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.617768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.617768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.618136                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.618136                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86587923                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51131087                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10646384                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6356567                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36122394                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17903364                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21982667                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            21885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             517538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            21885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.648069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33287113                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33287113                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6607752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6607752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1666010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1666010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8273762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8273762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8273762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8273762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        32418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        42545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         42545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        42545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        42545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2443796500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2443796500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    949696000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    949696000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3393492500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3393492500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3393492500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3393492500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6640170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6640170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1676137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1676137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8316307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8316307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8316307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8316307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75383.937936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75383.937936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93778.611632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93778.611632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79762.428017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79762.428017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79762.428017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79762.428017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          209                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        20111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        20641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        20641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1044428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1044428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    897562500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    897562500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1941990500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1941990500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1941990500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1941990500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84864.548631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84864.548631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93525.320413                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93525.320413                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88659.171841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88659.171841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88659.171841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88659.171841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.603388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             103042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           113.108672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.603388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26131094                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26131094                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6531585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6531585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6531585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6531585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6531585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6531585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6532541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6532541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6532541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6532541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6532541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6532541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12875.523013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12875.523013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12875.523013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12875.523013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12875.523013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12875.523013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11248500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11248500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11248500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11248500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11248500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11248500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12095.161290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12095.161290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12095.161290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12095.161290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12095.161290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12095.161290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     19376                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       21708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     19376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.120355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       15.298708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        13.783414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16354.917879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11083                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3875                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    383936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   383936                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          911                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              911                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            908                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                908                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2452                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2452                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2515                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3423                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9854                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9854                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              19370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  19373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             19370                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 19373                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    882245000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     882245000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       282000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       282000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    999634500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    999634500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1881879500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1882161500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1881879500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1882161500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          911                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9579                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9579                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          911                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            911                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        12306                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         12306                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            21885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                22796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           21885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               22796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.368421                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.368421                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993423                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.993423                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003293                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.003293                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.800748                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.800748                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.003293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.885081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.849842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.003293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.885081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.849842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92711.748634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92711.748634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101444.540288                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101444.540288                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97154.336603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97153.848139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97154.336603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97153.848139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16009                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16009                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9516                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9516                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9854                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9854                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         19370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             19373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            19373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       139500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       139500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    787085000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    787085000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       252000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       252000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    901094500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    901094500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1688179500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1688431500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       252000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1688179500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1688431500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.368421                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368421                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.800748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.800748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.849842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.849842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19928.571429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19928.571429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82711.748634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82711.748634                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        84000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91444.540288                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91444.540288                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87154.336603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87153.848139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87154.336603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87153.848139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         38748                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19377                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        58121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        58121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  58121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2264448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2264448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2264448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             19380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   19380    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               19380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           107603000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          105055250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        45630                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        22794                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           79                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             13236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8598                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              19                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             19                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9579                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9579                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           930                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        65693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 68445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       116608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2466496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2583104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           19395                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1025792                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            42210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.045353                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  42123     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     87      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              42210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           40380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          32837998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
