
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               366416259000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2570007                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4851908                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               47413521                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   322.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   827552391                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1562333718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       221632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          221632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16734279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16734279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14516736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14516736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14516736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16734279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31251015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3992                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3463                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3463                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 255488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  221184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  255488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               221632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265948000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3463                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    103.385683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.498269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   144.351482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4004     86.85%     86.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          286      6.20%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          100      2.17%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           51      1.11%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      0.89%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           42      0.91%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.63%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.48%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           35      0.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.525773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.136521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      4.627229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             9      4.64%      4.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           113     58.25%     62.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            30     15.46%     78.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            13      6.70%     85.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             9      4.64%     89.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             5      2.58%     92.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             4      2.06%     94.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             4      2.06%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.52%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.52%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             3      1.55%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.814433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.804361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.581759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18      9.28%      9.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              176     90.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    390039750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               464889750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     97705.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               116455.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       71                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2766                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2047746.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 16543380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8793015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14429940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                8137980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1242187440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            472109340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             46773120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3246936600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2240473920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        400390320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7698971175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            504.277045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14101350875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     74554000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     526960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1150297750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5834634625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     560370750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7120527000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 16379160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8701935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                14072940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9902340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1350364080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            514358310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             61639200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3067140360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2556501600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        328378140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7929471975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            519.374680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13969489125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    110327250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     573416000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    590570750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6657726375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     609059250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6726244500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13183180                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13183180                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1033591                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10975298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 954172                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            201568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10975298                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3726934                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7248364                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       743966                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10055791                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7603257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       118825                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        38502                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8949186                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        18707                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9639105                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59499688                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13183180                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4681106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19764835                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2087282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles               10425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        76414                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8930479                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               243607                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.723357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.574878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12393094     40.59%     40.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  848933      2.78%     43.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1266858      4.15%     47.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1410376      4.62%     52.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1112899      3.64%     55.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1130888      3.70%     59.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1040232      3.41%     62.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  919788      3.01%     65.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10411352     34.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431744                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.948593                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8591327                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4313389                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15644162                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               941901                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1043641                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108333810                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1043641                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9338007                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3091993                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17485                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15776026                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1267268                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103477811                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 75907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    56                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1126571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110101838                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260547603                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155457251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3153453                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70211197                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                39890690                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1448                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1066755                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11848555                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8940606                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           501037                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          194992                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93651240                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              56230                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84061557                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           454942                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       27975551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40414872                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         56206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.753010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.519810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9591898     31.41%     31.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2836703      9.29%     40.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3091133     10.12%     50.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3187795     10.44%     61.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3206545     10.50%     71.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2798268      9.16%     80.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3128606     10.25%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1657729      5.43%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1035743      3.39%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 816751     73.53%     73.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                15435      1.39%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102100      9.19%     84.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                88165      7.94%     92.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              487      0.04%     92.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87837      7.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           507091      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63718428     75.80%     76.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               77336      0.09%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87090      0.10%     76.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1176587      1.40%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10189194     12.12%     90.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7638701      9.09%     99.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         386448      0.46%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        280682      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84061557                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.752986                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1110775                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013214                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196275552                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118651187                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78748059                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3947701                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3032974                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1791799                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82673125                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1992116                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1315955                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3975973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10589                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2526                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2484697                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           98                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1043641                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3147076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3671                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93707470                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            14805                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11848555                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8940606                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             19880                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    95                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3618                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2526                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        288371                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079416                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1367787                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81622800                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10049043                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2438759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17645459                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8870105                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7596416                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.673117                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81100359                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80539858                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56254090                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88285936                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.637651                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       27975828                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1042925                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26345060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.495039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.751771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9235122     35.05%     35.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3812748     14.47%     49.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2680268     10.17%     59.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3641513     13.82%     73.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1144178      4.34%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1151251      4.37%     82.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       830484      3.15%     85.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       477715      1.81%     87.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3371781     12.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26345060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34702894                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65731947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14328495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7872584                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7639562                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1341528                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64724213                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              476422                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       267181      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49988923     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55894      0.09%     76.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           78078      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1013376      1.54%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7589072     11.55%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6455911      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       283512      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65731947                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3371781                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116681054                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191686874                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34702894                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65731947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.879889                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.879889                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.136507                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.136507                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               118241620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63061662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2530768                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1247476                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41313322                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21600895                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35846248                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4932                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            7195401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1458.921533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60325940                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60325940                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8617271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8617271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6455729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6455729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15073000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15073000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15073000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15073000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3433                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    172773500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    172773500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    597934000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    597934000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    770707500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    770707500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    770707500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    770707500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8621090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8621090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6459162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6459162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15080252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15080252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15080252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15080252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45240.507986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45240.507986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 174172.443927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174172.443927                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106275.165472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106275.165472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106275.165472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106275.165472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     94265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    592553500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    592553500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    686818500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    686818500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    686818500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    686818500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62427.152318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62427.152318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 173109.406953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173109.406953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 139229.373606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139229.373606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 139229.373606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139229.373606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              869                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             194748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           224.105869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35722786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35722786                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8929576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8929576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8929576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8929576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8929576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8929576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          903                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11497500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11497500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11497500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11497500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11497500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11497500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8930479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8930479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8930479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8930479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8930479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8930479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12732.558140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12732.558140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12732.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12732.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12732.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12732.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11989.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11989.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11989.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11989.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11989.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11989.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3998                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.306403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.194286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        25.018928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16308.786787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     96766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    96766                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          869                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              869                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            869                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                869                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           932                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               932                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 940                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1809                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          578                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             578                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    587305500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     587305500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     82178500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     82178500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    669484000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        669484000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    669484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       669484000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          869                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          869                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3422                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3422                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          869                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            869                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.382781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.382781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.809408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.688157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.809408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.688157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 172028.558875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172028.558875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142177.335640                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142177.335640                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 167706.412826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167706.412826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 167706.412826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167706.412826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3463                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3463                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          578                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    553165500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553165500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     76398500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76398500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    629564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    629564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    629564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    629564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.382781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.688157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.688157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 162028.558875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162028.558875                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 132177.335640                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132177.335640                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 157706.412826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157706.412826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 157706.412826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157706.412826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7968                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3976                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       477120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       477120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  477120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3993                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3993    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3993                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22819500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21959250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11604                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5803                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             33                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           33                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2380                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           870                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       111232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       557248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 668480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3999                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    221696                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9801                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.066855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9757     99.55%     99.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     44      0.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9801                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10446000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7398500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
