
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10824546984625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              117712164                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                220241433                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              285189582                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6301603061                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11790407031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9999808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10020096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9905216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9905216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1328849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654980193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656309042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1328849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1328849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648784485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648784485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648784485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1328849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654980193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1305093528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156565                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154769                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156565                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154769                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10020160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9904960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10020160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9905216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267367000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156565                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154769                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    727.188643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   563.236696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.668694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2141      7.81%      7.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2443      8.92%     16.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1816      6.63%     23.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1461      5.33%     28.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1651      6.03%     34.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1354      4.94%     39.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1291      4.71%     44.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1650      6.02%     50.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13594     49.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.198758                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.139252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.817899                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             29      0.30%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            90      0.93%      1.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9349     96.73%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           130      1.35%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            31      0.32%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            11      0.11%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             7      0.07%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             4      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             3      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.220856                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9626     99.60%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10      0.10%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2880104750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5815698500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18395.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37145.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143014                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140915                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49038.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98089320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52135710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560568540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404028000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1503500400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60618720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2092686600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       300374400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1592752200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7410417240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.376971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11812162750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41243000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     315926000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6440648500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    782200250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3098012375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4589314000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97553820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51851085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557298420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403845300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1500122010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66480480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2064528600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       328550400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1590285660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7409863545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.340704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11767267500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     50348500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317582000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6421177625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    855589000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3095125000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4527522000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1287831                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1287831                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1280512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3475                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               736                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1280512                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1246861                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33651                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4273                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     415288                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1274414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          651                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2623                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47461                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          301                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             68200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5705698                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1287831                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1250336                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433594                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1461                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47249                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1757                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30509888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.379408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.640719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28783087     94.34%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   48081      0.16%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   50639      0.17%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  280561      0.92%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   30849      0.10%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8513      0.03%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8759      0.03%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29047      0.10%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1270352      4.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30509888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042176                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.186860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  397301                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28655031                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   673184                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               777956                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11515524                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  679100                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 238418                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14354                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1168274                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28403326                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11483922                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28105337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14722272                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24176219                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13222075                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           302653                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14474850                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  247422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               150                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4822767                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              424806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1281860                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20615                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           16053                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11428115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11370511                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1761                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         160589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       232906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           657                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30509888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.372683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.259173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27447688     89.96%     89.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             483951      1.59%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             538072      1.76%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             351680      1.15%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             300271      0.98%     95.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1024064      3.36%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             143870      0.47%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             191584      0.63%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              28708      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30509888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  89945     95.41%     95.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  416      0.44%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   748      0.79%     96.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  177      0.19%     96.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2809      2.98%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             178      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4214      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9590909     84.35%     84.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  82      0.00%     84.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  271      0.00%     84.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81521      0.72%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              371454      3.27%     88.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1237526     10.88%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46358      0.41%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38176      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11370511                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.372380                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      94273                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52975616                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11385033                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11166980                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             371328                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204620                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182011                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11273251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187319                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2060                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21906                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          192                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12075                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          558                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53325                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               149359                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11428882                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              762                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               424806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1281860                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               345                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   386                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               148799                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           192                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1668                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6062                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7730                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11356120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               415128                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1689521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1263044                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1274393                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.371909                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11351972                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11348991                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8301773                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11511107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.371675                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.721197                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         160804                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6277                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30484207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.369644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.292690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27525486     90.29%     90.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       356752      1.17%     91.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323062      1.06%     92.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1113795      3.65%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64139      0.21%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       644974      2.12%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        89485      0.29%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        26416      0.09%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       340098      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30484207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5533838                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11268293                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1672685                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       402900                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1256738                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178396                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11172764                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2236      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9513479     84.43%     84.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79607      0.71%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         358707      3.18%     88.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1232107     10.93%     99.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44193      0.39%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11268293                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               340098                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41573206                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22884309                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            251                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          24800                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5533838                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11268293                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.517814                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.517814                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.181231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.181231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13016205                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8667084                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   281719                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143154                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6301251                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5757325                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4222515                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156319                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1599577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.232774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6884311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6884311                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       408593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         408593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1114793                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1114793                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1523386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1523386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1523386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1523386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155002                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    329423500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    329423500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13984715500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13984715500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14314139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14314139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14314139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14314139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       412203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       412203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1269795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1269795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1681998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1681998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1681998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1681998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.122069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91253.047091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91253.047091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90222.806802                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90222.806802                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90246.255012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90246.255012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90246.255012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90246.255012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11985                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1258                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    86.847826                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          629                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2289                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136833500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136833500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13829082500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13829082500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13965916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13965916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13965916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13965916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122062                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102959.744169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102959.744169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89223.340904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89223.340904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89340.122695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89340.122695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89340.122695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89340.122695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              11632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.194444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           189576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          189576                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50904498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50904498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50904498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50904498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50904498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50904498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71495.081461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71495.081461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71495.081461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71495.081461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71495.081461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71495.081461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64346.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64346.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64346.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64346.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64346.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64346.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157067                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       55.272435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.999007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16293.728558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2667171                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2667171                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          575                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              575                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            259                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                259                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     330                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154967                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154967                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              317                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1281                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1281                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156248                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13596285000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13596285000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33715500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33715500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134266000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    134266000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33715500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13730551000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13764266500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33715500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13730551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13764266500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          575                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          575                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          576                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            576                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999852                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999852                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.550347                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.550347                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963883                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.963883                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.550347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.550347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87736.647157                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87736.647157                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106358.044164                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106358.044164                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104813.427010                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104813.427010                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106358.044164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87876.651221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87914.070833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106358.044164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87876.651221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87914.070833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154769                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154769                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154967                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154967                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1281                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1281                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12046615000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12046615000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30545500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30545500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    121456000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121456000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30545500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12168071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12198616500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30545500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12168071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12198616500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.550347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.550347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.550347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77736.647157                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77736.647157                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96358.044164                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96358.044164                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94813.427010                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94813.427010                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96358.044164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77876.651221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77914.070833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96358.044164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77876.651221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77914.070833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312969                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156424                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1635                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19925376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19925376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19925376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156565                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156565    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156565                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932567500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823426000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313798                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156895                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          109                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            764                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          764                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310116                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19946624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20020352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157071                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9905472                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002781                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052657                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313097     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    873      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313970                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312822000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            870000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234480500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
