
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               351148914875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2479705                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4680751                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               47749936                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   319.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   792849497                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1496601771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         257792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             257984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       208192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          208192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16885190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16897765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13636425                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13636425                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13636425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16885190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30534191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4031                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3253                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4031                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3253                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 257984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  208512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  257984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               208192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15271500000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4031                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3253                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    100.907636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.361666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   142.178208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4075     88.15%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          249      5.39%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           92      1.99%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           57      1.23%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      0.74%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      0.65%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.39%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      0.63%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           39      0.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.186813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.548376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      6.060308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15             1      0.55%      0.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             6      3.30%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            84     46.15%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            20     10.99%     60.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23             6      3.30%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            25     13.74%     78.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            14      7.69%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             8      4.40%     90.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             4      2.20%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             6      3.30%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             3      1.65%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.55%     97.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.55%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             1      0.55%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-49             1      0.55%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.901099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.895806                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.421912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                8      4.40%      4.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.10%      5.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              172     94.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    333341500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               408922750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     82694.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               101444.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       59                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2607                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2096581.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 17357340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9225645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14908320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                9108900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1118644800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            459242160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             42803040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2866255260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1970848800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        779622300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7288942485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            477.420462                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14140629500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67932000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     474658000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2728644250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5132413125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     577857000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6285839750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 15650880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8318640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                13873020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7897860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1138313280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            420953550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             47944800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2936866860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1926588480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        808044420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7325401710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            479.808515                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14216883250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     78187250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     483224000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2759560500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5017244375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     488667750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6440460250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13220653                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13220653                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1034429                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11140563                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 969053                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            204235                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11140563                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3775091                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7365472                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       738622                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10086407                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7652751                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       114732                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        36219                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9019165                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16192                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9714118                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59629940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13220653                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4744144                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19696776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2088222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        70544                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  9002974                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               247147                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.731827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.571726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12328708     40.38%     40.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  854856      2.80%     43.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1271464      4.16%     47.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1431848      4.69%     52.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1121109      3.67%     55.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1134476      3.72%     59.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1054582      3.45%     62.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  927272      3.04%     65.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10410057     34.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432972                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.952859                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8666166                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4165762                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15723038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               935295                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1044111                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108647305                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1044111                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9414125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3087505                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         20283                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15846289                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1122059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103773553                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 67356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    50                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                990601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110362281                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261266420                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155958407                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3126461                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70664806                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                39697447                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1497                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1034814                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11877318                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8976173                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           502479                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          197472                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93969954                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              55736                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84415823                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           447604                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       27871396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40173562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         55712                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.764616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.515195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9456167     30.97%     30.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2873851      9.41%     40.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3147168     10.31%     50.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3183276     10.43%     61.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3227824     10.57%     71.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2814398      9.22%     80.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3141780     10.29%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1655422      5.42%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1034486      3.39%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 816531     73.55%     73.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                15058      1.36%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102577      9.24%     84.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                88122      7.94%     92.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              526      0.05%     92.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87393      7.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           506735      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63993022     75.81%     76.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               77604      0.09%     76.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87367      0.10%     76.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1174744      1.39%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10220939     12.11%     90.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7690834      9.11%     99.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         385777      0.46%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        278801      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84415823                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.764588                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1110207                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196984439                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118898271                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79120958                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3939391                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           2999911                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1790530                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              83032081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1987214                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1329690                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3953691                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11511                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2562                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2480798                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           71                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1044111                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3142114                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3116                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           94025690                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            19196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11877318                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8976173                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             19762                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   112                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3056                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2562                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        298502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1069433                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1367935                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81982425                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10079704                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2433399                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17725376                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8915173                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7645672                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.684895                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81466455                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80911488                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56483220                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88624360                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.649822                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       27871923                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1043397                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26350109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.510589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.750902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9110509     34.57%     34.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3855166     14.63%     49.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2695261     10.23%     59.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3667838     13.92%     73.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1140692      4.33%     77.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1183233      4.49%     82.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       836823      3.18%     85.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       479481      1.82%     87.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3381106     12.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26350109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34926066                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66154288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14419005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7923632                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7690316                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1349769                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 65140373                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              479344                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       268809      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        50312076     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          56233      0.09%     76.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           78561      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1019604      1.54%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7638382     11.55%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6495373      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       285250      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66154288                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3381106                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116995214                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  192320104                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             40                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            316                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34926066                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66154288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.874266                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.874266                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.143816                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.143816                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               118846483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63341795                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2528151                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1246690                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41532351                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21696842                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35998475                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             579728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           112.699844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60567720                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60567720                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8637889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8637889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6495188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6495188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15133077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15133077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15133077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15133077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    281128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    281128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    478230000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    478230000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    759358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    759358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    759358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    759358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8642002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8642002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6498642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6498642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15140644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15140644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15140644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15140644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68351.081935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68351.081935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 138456.861610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 138456.861610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100351.262059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100351.262059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100351.262059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100351.262059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162901500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162901500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    471955000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471955000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    634856500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    634856500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    634856500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    634856500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94655.142359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94655.142359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137877.592755                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137877.592755                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123416.893468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123416.893468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123416.893468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123416.893468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             207242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           121.478312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36013603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36013603                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      9001232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9001232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      9001232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         9001232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      9001232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        9001232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22763500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22763500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22763500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22763500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22763500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22763500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      9002974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9002974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      9002974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      9002974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      9002974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      9002974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13067.451206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13067.451206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13067.451206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13067.451206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13067.451206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13067.451206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12122.437024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12122.437024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12122.437024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12122.437024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12122.437024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12122.437024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4037                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.241764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       51.511658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.366784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16308.121558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    113525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   113525                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1706                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1706                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1703                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1703                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1107                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1107                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3413                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    466687000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     466687000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       249500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       249500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    148617000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    148617000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       249500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    615304000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        615553500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       249500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    615304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       615553500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1706                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1706                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3422                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3422                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1721                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1721                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001758                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001758                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.356769                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.356769                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.783006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.588407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.783006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.588407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 136738.060357                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136738.060357                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 242047.231270                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 242047.231270                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152794.636206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152742.803970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152794.636206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152742.803970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3253                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3253                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    432547000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    432547000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       219500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       219500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    142477000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142477000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       219500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    575024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    575243500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       219500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    575024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    575243500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.356769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.588407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.588407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 126735.130384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126735.130384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 232047.231270                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232047.231270                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142792.152967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142740.322581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142792.152967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142740.322581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8071                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4040                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       466176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       466176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  466176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4032                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4032    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4032                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22091500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22212250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13701                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6848                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             17                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2079                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3422                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1721                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5119                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 20552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       218368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       575552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 793920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4038                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    208256                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002847                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.053285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10857     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     31      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           12405500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2560500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7717498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
