
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6931374232750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              135049686                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                251129289                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              352809451                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    43.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5844087206                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10867272825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12619136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12619136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        23744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           23744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         826544283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             826544283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1555215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1555215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1555215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        826544283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            828099498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197175                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        371                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197175                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      371                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12616320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   22528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12619200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                23744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     45                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267396500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197175                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  371                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.938277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.643247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.636421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40970     42.12%     42.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45005     46.27%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9709      9.98%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1386      1.42%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          177      0.18%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8715.909091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8488.760662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2002.999225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      4.55%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.55%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      9.09%     18.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      9.09%     27.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      4.55%     31.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      9.09%     40.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     13.64%     54.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      4.55%     59.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      4.55%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      9.09%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.55%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      9.09%     86.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.55%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4853015000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8549202500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  985650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24618.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43368.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       826.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    826.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99913                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     303                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77285.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348546240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185271900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               707795340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 610740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1644031620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24124800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5171069070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        99503520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9386262270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.793391                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11598638125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9653000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    259476750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3149193000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11339161375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345925860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183882930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               699705720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1226700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1628896410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24232800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5212601550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        77166240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9378947250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.314263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11632306125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8862000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    200823250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3116084250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11431714625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1477363                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1477363                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            60946                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1185697                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  41655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6788                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1185697                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            628485                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          557212                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        19272                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     684649                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      42697                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       139440                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          848                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1227541                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4200                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1254336                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4294824                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1477363                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            670140                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29133820                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 124728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        35944                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1223341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6584                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30489788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.283052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.341752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28816721     94.51%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   19914      0.07%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  611605      2.01%     96.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   22327      0.07%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  118544      0.39%     97.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   60184      0.20%     97.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   78846      0.26%     97.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   21260      0.07%     97.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  740387      2.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30489788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048383                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.140654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  612000                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28732981                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   791807                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               290636                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 62364                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7041150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 62364                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  696508                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27504462                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13330                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   922814                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1290310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6752781                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                66167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                982096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                275550                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8052090                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18800787                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8836539                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29617                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2785891                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5266204                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               178                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           230                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1863471                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1226852                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              63437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3761                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3758                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6414074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3603                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4553065                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4548                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4091569                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8575592                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3603                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30489788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.149331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.703278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28605781     93.82%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             754529      2.47%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             399952      1.31%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             266881      0.88%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             278475      0.91%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              77962      0.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              66355      0.22%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              22675      0.07%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17178      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30489788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8844     68.03%     68.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  950      7.31%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2896     22.28%     97.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  224      1.72%     99.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               61      0.47%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              25      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15628      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3756927     82.51%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 899      0.02%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7899      0.17%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11631      0.26%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              712294     15.64%     98.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              45822      1.01%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1877      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            88      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4553065                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.149111                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13000                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39585075                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10484832                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4369777                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              28391                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24420                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        12721                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4535796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14641                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3892                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       786116                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        40032                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           30                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1270                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 62364                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25690437                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               287917                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6417677                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1226852                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               63437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1316                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16097                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                91942                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         33749                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        34820                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               68569                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4475577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               684451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            77488                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      727132                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  531759                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     42681                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.146574                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4396861                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4382498                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3230857                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5077802                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.143525                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.636271                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4092375                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            62359                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29911203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.510776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28891433     96.59%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       474249      1.59%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110859      0.37%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305503      1.02%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55891      0.19%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27477      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5039      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3562      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        37190      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29911203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1163825                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2326113                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        464143                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       440738                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    419917                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9348                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2316733                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2744      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1844548     79.30%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            165      0.01%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6521      0.28%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7992      0.34%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         439382     18.89%     98.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         23405      1.01%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1356      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2326113                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                37190                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36292501                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13416914                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            317                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          44900                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1163825                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2326113                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.236494                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.236494                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038115                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038115                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4418310                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3812034                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22518                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11169                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2787507                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1190944                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2361787                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           229333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             289026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           229333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.260290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3030245                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3030245                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       267073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         267073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        22540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       289613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          289613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       289613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         289613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       409750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       409750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          865                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          865                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       410615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        410615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       410615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       410615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34936227000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34936227000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32049499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32049499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34968276499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34968276499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34968276499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34968276499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       676823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       676823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        23405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       700228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       700228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       700228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       700228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.605402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.605402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.586402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.586402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.586402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.586402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85262.298963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85262.298963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37051.443931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37051.443931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85160.738159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85160.738159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85160.738159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85160.738159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20157                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              855                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.575439                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       181282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       181283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       181283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       229332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       229332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19401345500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19401345500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31179999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31179999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19432525499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19432525499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19432525499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19432525499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.327510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.327510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84919.312551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84919.312551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36087.961806                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36087.961806                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84735.342207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84735.342207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84735.342207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84735.342207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4893364                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4893364                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1223341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1223341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1223341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1223341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1223341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1223341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1223341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1223341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1223341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197187                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      257869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.307738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.751768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.248232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10883                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3864331                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3864331                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2081                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2081                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         31524                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             31524                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                32157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    32157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               32157                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   32157                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196944                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196944                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22955500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      22955500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18702269500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18702269500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18725225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18725225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18725225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18725225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2081                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2081                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           864                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               864                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       228468                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        228468                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           229332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               229332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          229332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              229332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.267361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.862020                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.862020                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.859780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.859780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.859780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.859780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99374.458874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99374.458874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94962.372553                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94962.372553                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94967.541524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94967.541524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94967.541524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94967.541524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  371                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       371                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196944                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196944                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20645500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20645500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16732819500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16732819500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16753465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16753465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16753465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16753465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.267361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.862020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.859780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.859780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.859780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.859780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89374.458874                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89374.458874                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84962.321777                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84962.321777                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84967.490808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84967.490808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84967.490808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84967.490808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        394343                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197175                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196944                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       591519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       591519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 591519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12643008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12643008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12643008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197175    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465087500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1064875250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       458665                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       229334                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          515                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             20                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           19                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            228469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2452                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       228468                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       687998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                687998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14810496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14810496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197187                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     23744                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           426519                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001259                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 425983     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    535      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             426519                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          231413500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         343999500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
