
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4229054322625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              120485509                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                223407485                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              326886735                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5627310290                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10434312669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12398272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12398272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        36160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           36160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           565                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                565                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         812077851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             812077851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2368454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2368454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2368454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        812077851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            814446304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193723                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        565                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193723                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      565                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12393920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   35968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12398272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                36160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267326500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193723                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  565                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.828858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.880913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.986000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42256     43.46%     43.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44218     45.48%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9294      9.56%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1259      1.29%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      0.16%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5505.657143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5338.648695                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1358.971496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.86%      2.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4     11.43%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      5.71%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      5.71%     25.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      5.71%     31.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            6     17.14%     48.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      8.57%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            3      8.57%     65.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            3      8.57%     74.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            2      5.71%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            2      5.71%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            3      8.57%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            2      5.71%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.057143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.053934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.338062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               34     97.14%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4740547500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8371578750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  968275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24479.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43229.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       811.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    812.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96495                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     486                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78580.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350067060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186068850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               697520880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 965700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1635161280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24561600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5190488400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        90183360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9380326170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.404581                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11616443500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9612000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    234526750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3131428625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11381916750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344197980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182919000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               685175820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1967940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1611791850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24537600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5195197740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       105821280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     614640.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9357603720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.916277                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11669120750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF       102500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    275574000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3078438000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11393625625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1657882                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1657882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            76510                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1368219                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  58704                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9082                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1368219                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            684236                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          683983                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        28284                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     791517                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      72049                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       150726                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1121                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1341629                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5835                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1377629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4973271                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1657882                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            742940                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28970578                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 156936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        49406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1335794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10064                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30479772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.328510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.447293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28578728     93.76%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   30390      0.10%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  639010      2.10%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   34903      0.11%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  136481      0.45%     96.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   72884      0.24%     96.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   89523      0.29%     97.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   30517      0.10%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  867336      2.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30479772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054295                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.162873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  707436                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28433623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   945475                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               314770                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 78468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8235922                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 78468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  809177                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27138523                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21867                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1081342                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1350395                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7873156                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                77173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1004859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                288038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9360160                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21698361                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10474792                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            49205                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3210328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6149697                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           425                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1971124                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1377302                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             104570                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5322                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7417889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5404                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5341705                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6641                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4745931                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9554983                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30479772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.175254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.775457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28349599     93.01%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             823136      2.70%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             442377      1.45%     97.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             299616      0.98%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             316152      1.04%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             104235      0.34%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              87109      0.29%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              33854      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              23694      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30479772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13793     71.04%     71.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1501      7.73%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3592     18.50%     97.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  371      1.91%     99.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              134      0.69%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              24      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            22025      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4377967     81.96%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1561      0.03%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13360      0.25%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              18775      0.35%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              827172     15.49%     98.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              77478      1.45%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3291      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            76      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5341705                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.174939                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19415                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003635                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41143003                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12128321                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5097440                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              46235                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             40912                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20456                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5315288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  23807                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       889676                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          199                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        66211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           46                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1339                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 78468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25041999                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               279037                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7423293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1377302                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              104570                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2008                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20212                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                77958                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38943                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        48591                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               87534                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5232650                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               791155                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           109055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      863188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  611315                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     72033                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.171367                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5139540                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5117896                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3772636                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5985088                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.167609                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.630339                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4746770                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            78462                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29797756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.089847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.563111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28665068     96.20%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       513146      1.72%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126818      0.43%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331435      1.11%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63387      0.21%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33200      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7878      0.03%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5243      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        51581      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29797756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1339851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2677252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        525961                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       487602                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    466713                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15264                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2661786                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4618      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2122165     79.27%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            270      0.01%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11182      0.42%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13056      0.49%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         485394     18.13%     98.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         38359      1.43%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2208      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2677252                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                51581                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37170197                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15532193                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          54916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1339851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2677252                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.789615                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.789615                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043880                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043880                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5369986                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4444026                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    36396                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   18177                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3163717                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1403215                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2698028                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           242286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             389914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           242286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.609313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          880                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3513934                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3513934                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       344650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         344650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        37326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         37326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       381976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          381976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       381976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         381976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       434903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       434903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       435936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        435936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       435936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       435936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34936727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34936727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47239499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47239499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34983966499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34983966499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34983966499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34983966499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       779553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       779553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        38359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       817912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       817912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       817912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       817912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.557888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.557888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.532986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.532986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.532986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.532986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80332.228106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80332.228106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45730.395934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45730.395934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80250.235124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80250.235124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80250.235124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80250.235124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23797                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              908                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.208150                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       241267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       242286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       242286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19223846500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19223846500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45077999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45077999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19268924499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19268924499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19268924499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19268924499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.309494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026565                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026565                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.296225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.296225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79678.723157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79678.723157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44237.486752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44237.486752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79529.665350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79529.665350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79529.665350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79529.665350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5343176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5343176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1335794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1335794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1335794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1335794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1335794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1335794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1335794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1335794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1335794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1335794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1335794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1335794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193733                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      280854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.449696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.779186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.220814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1035                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4068301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4068301                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               657                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   657                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         47906                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             47906                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                48563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               48563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             362                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 362                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193723                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193723                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36353000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      36353000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18330374500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18330374500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18366727500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18366727500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18366727500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18366727500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1019                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1019                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       241267                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        241267                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           242286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               242286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          242286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              242286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.355250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.355250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801440                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.801440                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.799563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.799563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.799563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.799563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100422.651934                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100422.651934                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94798.715873                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94798.715873                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94809.225027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94809.225027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94809.225027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94809.225027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  565                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       565                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193361                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193361                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32733000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32733000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16396764500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16396764500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16429497500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16429497500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16429497500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16429497500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.355250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.801440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.799563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.799563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90422.651934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90422.651934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84798.715873                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84798.715873                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84809.225027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84809.225027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84809.225027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84809.225027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387445                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193723                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193157                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       581168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       581168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12434432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12434432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12434432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193723    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           456624000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1047311500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       484572                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       242285                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          517                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            241267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          433118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       241267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       726858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                726858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15655808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15655808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193733                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     36160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           436019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 435491     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    528      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             436019                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          244622000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         363429000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
