
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4015311504875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              119450135                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                221429804                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              325175007                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5608320555                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10396384674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12376832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12376960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        39616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           39616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         810673546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             810681930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2594819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2594819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2594819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        810673546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            813276749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193389                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        619                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193389                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      619                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12371648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   39040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12376896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                39616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     82                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267375500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193389                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  619                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.385803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.485564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.793197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42703     43.83%     43.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44088     45.25%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9183      9.43%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1241      1.27%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          163      0.17%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5062.184211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4978.498283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    932.030647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.63%      2.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      7.89%     10.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            5     13.16%     23.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      5.26%     28.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            6     15.79%     44.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      7.89%     52.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      5.26%     57.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            5     13.16%     71.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            5     13.16%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      5.26%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.63%     92.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      2.63%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            2      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.052632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.049670                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.324443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               37     97.37%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4724545750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8349052000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  966535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24440.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43190.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       810.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    810.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95970                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     518                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78694.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                354158280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                188239590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               700405440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3058920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1646924370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24488160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5170563480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97129440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9390276720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.056335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11590702500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9489000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    252602750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3157292625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11338099750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                341484780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181499670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               679806540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 125280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1598215590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24637440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5191680270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       120215520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9342974130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.958049                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11698347750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    313255250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3048731250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11385717625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1612121                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1612121                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            77284                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1249536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  62236                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10610                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1249536                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            661626                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          587910                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        27532                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     793805                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      73700                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       150204                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1392                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1292321                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8607                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1325960                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4888975                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1612121                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            723862                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28953884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 160406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        75627                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1283714                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9211                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     12                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30441507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.323932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.438289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28583962     93.90%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   24241      0.08%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  608697      2.00%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   35597      0.12%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  132692      0.44%     96.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   85071      0.28%     96.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   91004      0.30%     97.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   31539      0.10%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  848704      2.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30441507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.052796                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.160112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  690066                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28442222                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   916503                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               312513                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 80203                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8091196                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 80203                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  790820                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27061447                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         20975                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1051408                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1436654                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7730365                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               102694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1012131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                377310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9195533                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21252589                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10335637                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            52244                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3212194                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5983338                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               288                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           380                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1977762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1349516                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             105209                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5907                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4631                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7285654                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5371                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5309626                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7420                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4614645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9062131                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5370                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30441507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.174421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.774386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28325561     93.05%     93.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             815667      2.68%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             441350      1.45%     97.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             304846      1.00%     98.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             301953      0.99%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             105681      0.35%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              88364      0.29%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              34360      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              23725      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30441507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14459     69.09%     69.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1579      7.54%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4435     21.19%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  341      1.63%     99.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              105      0.50%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              10      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            24389      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4338191     81.70%     82.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1325      0.02%     82.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14003      0.26%     82.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              19824      0.37%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              829639     15.63%     98.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              79017      1.49%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3203      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            35      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5309626                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.173888                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      20929                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41041071                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11862725                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5066249                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              48037                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             42950                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21630                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5281405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  24761                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7025                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       865185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          180                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        64574                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           70                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          955                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 80203                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24661810                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               293520                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7291025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5826                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1349516                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              105209                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1978                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17822                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                96155                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40608                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        49256                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               89864                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5200557                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               793387                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           109069                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      867069                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  611715                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     73682                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.170316                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5111046                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5087879                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3727248                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5974075                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.166626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.623904                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4615606                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            80201                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29771503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.089897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.563825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28639791     96.20%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       511390      1.72%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       129301      0.43%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331326      1.11%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61640      0.21%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32799      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7342      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5509      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        52405      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29771503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1340364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2676380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        524966                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       484331                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    463201                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     16250                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2659965                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7154                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4896      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2120486     79.23%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            286      0.01%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11862      0.44%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13884      0.52%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         481965     18.01%     98.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         40635      1.52%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2366      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2676380                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                52405                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37011084                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15256083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            686                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          93181                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1340364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2676380                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.780892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.780892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043896                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043896                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5453699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4411573                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    38448                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19228                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3183498                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1428603                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2663219                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           241388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             390847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           241388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.619165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3529764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3529764                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       350869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         350869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        39607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         39607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       390476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          390476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       390476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         390476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       430590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       430590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       431618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        431618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       431618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       431618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34648298500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34648298500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51473500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51473500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34699772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34699772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34699772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34699772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       781459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       781459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        40635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       822094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       822094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       822094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       822094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.551008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.551008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.525023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.525023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.525023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.525023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80467.030121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80467.030121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50071.498054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50071.498054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80394.635998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80394.635998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80394.635998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80394.635998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22264                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              748                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.764706                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       190217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       190231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       190231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       240373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       241387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       241387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19173872500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19173872500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49034500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49034500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19222907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19222907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19222907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19222907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.307595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024954                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024954                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79767.163949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79767.163949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48357.495069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48357.495069                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79635.220621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79635.220621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79635.220621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79635.220621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5134860                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5134860                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1283710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1283710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1283710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1283710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1283710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1283710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       232500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       232500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       232500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       232500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       232500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       232500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1283714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1283714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1283714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1283714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1283714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1283714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        58125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        58125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        58125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        58125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        58125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        58125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       228500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       228500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       228500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       228500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       228500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       228500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        57125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        57125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        57125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193405                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      283169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.464125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.976430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.195668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.827902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10601                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4053781                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4053781                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2293                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2293                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               619                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   619                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         47381                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             47381                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                48000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               48000                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48002                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             395                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 395                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192992                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192992                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193387                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40751000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      40751000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       201500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18287053000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18287053000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18327804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18328005500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18327804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18328005500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2293                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2293                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       240373                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        240373                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           241387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               241391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          241387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              241391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.389546                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.389546                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.802886                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.802886                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.801149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.801144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.801149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.801144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103167.088608                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103167.088608                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94755.497637                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94755.497637                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94772.678619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94772.740435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94772.678619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94772.740435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       619                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192992                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192992                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36801000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36801000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       181500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16357123000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16357123000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16393924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16394105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16393924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16394105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.389546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.802886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.802886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.801144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.801144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93167.088608                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93167.088608                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84755.445822                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84755.445822                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84772.626909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84772.688726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84772.626909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84772.688726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        386770                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193390                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192995                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       580160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       580160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 580160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12416576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12416576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12416576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193389                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193389    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193389                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           456723500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1045698250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       482783                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       241391                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          477                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             25                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            240378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          431881                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       240373                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       724163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                724175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15595584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15596096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193405                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     39616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           434796                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001164                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 434295     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    496      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             434796                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          243688500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         362082000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
