
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2229032242250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               19657657                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 35786780                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60500767                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   252.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4960601154                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9030779055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1002432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1002688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       975168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          975168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           15663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               15667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          65658571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              65675339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        63872799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             63872799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        63872799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         65658571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            129548138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       15667                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15237                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     15667                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15237                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1002688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  975360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1002688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               975168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265449000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 15667                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15237                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     88.554342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.609128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    48.287446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        16047     71.83%     71.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4874     21.82%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255          891      3.99%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          348      1.56%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383           92      0.41%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           50      0.22%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           21      0.09%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           11      0.05%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            4      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.864310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.821450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.237196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                4      0.46%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              166     18.93%     19.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              113     12.88%     32.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              334     38.08%     70.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              201     22.92%     93.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20               45      5.13%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               10      1.14%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22                3      0.34%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.377423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.347596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.010263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              288     32.84%     32.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               20      2.28%     35.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              522     59.52%     94.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               46      5.25%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    451530500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               745286750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   78335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28820.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                47570.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        65.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        63.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     65.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     63.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     5356                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3214                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 34.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     493963.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    27.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 78390060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 41672895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                53942700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               38361780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1223748240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            991223160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             31755840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4299576690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1328666400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         56326860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8144070075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            533.430701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13007773875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24187750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     517978000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    121050250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3459955500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1715062750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9429109875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 81096120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 43107405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                57919680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               41191020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1226206800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1008485040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             31707840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4421958540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1210801440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         58734720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8181430365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            535.877773                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12970444625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     519036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    122281500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3153009500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1750053250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9697749875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13318604                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13318604                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1408338                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11177460                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1045148                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            190094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11177460                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2655749                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8521711                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       931249                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6969437                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2252484                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        82386                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        15445                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6549789                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2943                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7396677                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56675958                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13318604                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3700897                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21709263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2819114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         9                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        16928                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6546846                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               325844                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.058572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.670806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12031493     39.40%     39.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  531428      1.74%     41.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  873762      2.86%     44.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1353412      4.43%     48.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  585616      1.92%     50.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1164433      3.81%     54.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1021278      3.34%     57.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  485704      1.59%     59.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12486376     40.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.436179                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.856117                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5581225                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8276188                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13843359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1423173                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1409557                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110873188                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1409557                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6660277                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6992091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        222839                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13964519                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1284219                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103538007                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                30336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                654253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                395930                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          116399165                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255961118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139745180                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         20556211                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47468502                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                68930722                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             30963                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3104849                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9508246                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3157633                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           151336                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          154563                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89530119                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             208808                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70906662                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           696048                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48883499                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     70349109                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        208730                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.322258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.602708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13438324     44.01%     44.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2198104      7.20%     51.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2688395      8.80%     60.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2280977      7.47%     67.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2327586      7.62%     75.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2234904      7.32%     82.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2648996      8.68%     91.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1619731      5.30%     96.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1096485      3.59%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1441716     92.60%     92.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                84153      5.40%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4061      0.26%     98.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1297      0.08%     98.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            25393      1.63%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             375      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1956951      2.76%      2.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53577822     75.56%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2146      0.00%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                70392      0.10%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5224587      7.37%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5046469      7.12%     92.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2455809      3.46%     96.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2571338      3.63%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1148      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70906662                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.322168                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1556995                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021958                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158559833                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119395091                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59471877                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           16040038                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          19227570                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7075635                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62482873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                8023833                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          203402                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5890746                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3087                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          270                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1567056                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3045                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1409557                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6321583                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 8450                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89738927                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9508246                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3157633                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             86180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  4730                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1877                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           270                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        424372                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1344154                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1768526                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67761867                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6931048                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3144797                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9182729                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6194479                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2251681                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.219177                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67120718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66547512                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49196669                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87228416                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.179407                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.563998                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48883574                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             78                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1409407                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23096618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.768895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.401141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10804038     46.78%     46.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3014030     13.05%     59.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3387810     14.67%     74.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1816045      7.86%     82.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       942586      4.08%     86.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       746742      3.23%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       324201      1.40%     91.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       320889      1.39%     92.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1740277      7.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23096618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18562149                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              40855484                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5208088                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3617511                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4271407                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3124322                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38149230                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              360405                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       730093      1.79%      1.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32512334     79.58%     81.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            462      0.00%     81.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46203      0.11%     81.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2358304      5.77%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2863161      7.01%     94.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1590577      3.89%     98.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       754350      1.85%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         40855484                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1740277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111095399                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  187060232                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            187                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1186                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18562149                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     40855484                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.644997                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.644997                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.607904                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.607904                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86004993                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50845738                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 11125153                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6701727                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35624608                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17806582                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21755685                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            17695                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             450171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            17695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.440576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33125663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33125663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6665706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6665706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1581482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1581482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8247188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8247188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8247188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8247188                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        20353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        29804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         29804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        29804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        29804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1458245500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1458245500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    900501500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    900501500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2358747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2358747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2358747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2358747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6686059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6686059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1590933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1590933                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8276992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8276992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8276992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8276992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71647.693215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71647.693215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95281.081367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95281.081367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79141.960811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79141.960811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79141.960811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79141.960811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          274                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15700                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15700                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        11617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    743989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    852150000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    852150000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1596139000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1596139000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1596139000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1596139000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005640                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005640                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85163.576007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85163.576007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94968.238047                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94968.238047                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90131.515049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90131.515049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90131.515049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90131.515049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1534                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.239003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             524246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           341.750978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.239003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26188931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26188931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6545250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6545250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6545250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6545250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6545250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6545250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6546846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6546846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6546846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6546846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6546846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6546846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12911.027569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12911.027569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12911.027569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12911.027569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12911.027569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12911.027569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18804500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18804500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18804500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18804500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12155.462185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12155.462185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12155.462185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12155.462185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12155.462185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12155.462185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     15674                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       16931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     15674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.080197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       21.743554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        17.018090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16345.238356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    323170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   323170                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        15700                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            15700                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1534                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1534                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                87                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    87                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1530                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1530                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1945                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1945                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            8873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8873                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              15663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  15667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             15663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 15667                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    837572000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     837572000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       383500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       383500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    709950000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    709950000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       383500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1547522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1547905500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       383500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1547522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1547905500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        15700                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15700                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1534                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1534                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          8960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              8960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1534                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1534                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         8735                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          8735                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            17695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                19229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           17695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               19229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990290                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.990290                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002608                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002608                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.777333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.885165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.814759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.885165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.814759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94395.582103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94395.582103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95875                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        95875                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104558.173785                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104558.173785                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98801.123667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98800.376588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98801.123667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98800.376588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15237                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15237                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6790                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         6790                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         15663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             15667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        15663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            15667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       140500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       140500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    748842000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    748842000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       343500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       343500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    642050000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    642050000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       343500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1390892000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1391235500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       343500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1390892000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1391235500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.814759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.814759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20071.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20071.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84395.582103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84395.582103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85875                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85875                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94558.173785                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94558.173785                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88801.123667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88800.376588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88801.123667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88800.376588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         31339                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        15674                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        47006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        47006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  47006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1977856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1977856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1977856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             15674                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   15674    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               15674                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            96025500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           85021250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        38485                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19230                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           62                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30937                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1534                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2432                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8960                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1547                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8735                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        53113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 57728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       196352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2137280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2333632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           15687                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    976000                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            34930                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.045355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  34858     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     72      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              34930                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           36476500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2320500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          26549999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
