
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10488665413875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               68551364                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                128049818                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              169363007                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    90.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6179607119                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11543136236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          18880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10046720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10065600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        18880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         18880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9957504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9957504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1236626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         658052895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             659289521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1236626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1236626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652209311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652209311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652209311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1236626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        658052895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1311498833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157274                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155586                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157274                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155586                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10065536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9957696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10065536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9957504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267294000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157274                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155586                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    736.184713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   585.148331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   351.543204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1814      6.67%      6.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1973      7.25%     13.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2174      7.99%     21.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1687      6.20%     28.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1576      5.79%     33.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1679      6.17%     40.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1319      4.85%     44.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1141      4.20%     49.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13836     50.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.184091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.127774                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.743087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             37      0.38%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            75      0.77%      1.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9422     96.95%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           126      1.30%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            25      0.26%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             9      0.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             4      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.199296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9684     99.65%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      0.06%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               11      0.11%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      0.05%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2883298000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5832185500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18332.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37082.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       659.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    659.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143662                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142003                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48799.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97703760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51938370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563824380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406930320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1507273230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             59680800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2098741140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       311241600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1579165440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7423384260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.226301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11792305000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40439250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316470000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6393261375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    810519750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3104097500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4602556250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96489960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51281835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               559111980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405244260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         751704720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1515754830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62314560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2068349310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       324000000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1586047200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7420298655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.024196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11780885750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43325750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6401438000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    843771750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3124442500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4535714125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1245174                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1245174                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1237606                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3325                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               731                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1237606                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1204646                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32960                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4247                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345855                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1232062                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          781                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2673                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47088                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          224                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             65984                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5464609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1245174                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207971                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30432506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          955                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46944                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1697                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30505867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.361398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.611742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28900084     94.74%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39401      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   41978      0.14%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224074      0.73%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26547      0.09%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8429      0.03%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8655      0.03%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24666      0.08%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1232033      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30505867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178964                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  378499                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28738589                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   634698                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               747812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6269                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10964818                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6269                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  655578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 221518                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14182                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1104412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28503908                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10933885                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1467                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28209508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13948667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23103548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12559731                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           301731                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13703763                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  244904                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               135                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4766652                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1239077                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20536                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19133                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10878219                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                699                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10821316                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1724                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         158093                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       231172                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           589                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30505867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.222606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27557549     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470217      1.54%     91.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             523735      1.72%     93.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348402      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             296455      0.97%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1000267      3.28%     98.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117764      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167140      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24338      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30505867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72422     94.33%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  396      0.52%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   784      1.02%     95.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  192      0.25%     96.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2804      3.65%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             181      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4081      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9153636     84.59%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  84      0.00%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  268      0.00%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81539      0.75%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302038      2.79%     88.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1195187     11.04%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46350      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38133      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10821316                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354394                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76779                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007095                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51855912                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10833833                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10618076                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             371090                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            203366                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       181903                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10706829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187185                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            1964                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21845                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           43                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          203                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11690                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           12                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          559                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6269                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  51330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               134756                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10878918                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1239077                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               316                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   344                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               134257                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           203                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1656                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5885                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7541                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10807204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345691                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14112                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1577736                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1220440                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1232045                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353932                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10803066                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10799979                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7877664                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11011230                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353695                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.715421                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         158346                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6130                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30480550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.247934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27622372     90.62%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       337450      1.11%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324608      1.06%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1082908      3.55%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65803      0.22%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       663669      2.18%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71996      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22050      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289694      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30480550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5294834                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10720825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560770                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333383                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1214369                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178396                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10625298                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9077928     84.68%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79607      0.74%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289190      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1189709     11.10%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44193      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10720825                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289694                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41070027                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21784100                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            247                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28821                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5294834                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10720825                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.766883                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.766883                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12355664                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8203217                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   281540                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143081                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6089100                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5448508                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4025532                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           157037                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           157037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.983889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6437561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6437561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410801                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159330                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    321662500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321662500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14039992999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14039992999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14361655499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14361655499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14361655499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14361655499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1227397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1227397                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1570131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1570131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1570131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1570131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89649.526198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89649.526198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90149.047778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90149.047778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90137.798902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90137.798902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90137.798902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90137.798902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12979                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              143                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    90.762238                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       156086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           156086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135509500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135509500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13883678500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13883678500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14019188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14019188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14019188000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14019188000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103918.328221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103918.328221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89149.378752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89149.378752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89272.015232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89272.015232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89272.015232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89272.015232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.863968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              10616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.478899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.863968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188324                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     51637499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51637499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     51637499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51637499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     51637499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51637499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77650.374436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77650.374436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77650.374436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77650.374436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77650.374436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77650.374436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37266500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37266500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37266500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37266500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37266500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37266500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68004.562044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68004.562044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68004.562044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68004.562044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68004.562044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68004.562044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157740                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157740                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       44.195767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        28.439128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16311.365106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2678892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2678892                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       156086                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           156086                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          544                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              544                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            251                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                251                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  58                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          295                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              295                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1265                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1265                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157274                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13649907000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13649907000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33790500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33790500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133072000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133072000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33790500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13782979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13816769500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33790500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13782979000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13816769500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       156086                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       156086                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          544                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          544                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155733                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155733                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          546                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            546                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           157037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          157037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540293                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.540293                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970092                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.970092                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.540293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.540293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87660.114055                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87660.114055                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114544.067797                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114544.067797                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105195.256917                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105195.256917                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114544.067797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87801.419298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87851.580681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114544.067797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87801.419298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87851.580681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155587                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155587                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          295                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          295                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1265                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1265                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12092757000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12092757000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30840500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30840500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120422000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120422000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30840500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12213179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12244019500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30840500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12213179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12244019500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.540293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77660.049835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77660.049835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104544.067797                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104544.067797                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95195.256917                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95195.256917                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104544.067797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77801.355595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77851.517098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104544.067797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77801.355595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77851.517098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314427                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157168                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20023104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20023104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20023104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157274    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937266500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          827160500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315169                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157582                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           91                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            676                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          676                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1852                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311673                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          545                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155733                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155733                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       471115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        69824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20039872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20109696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157742                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9957696                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315327                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049259                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314560     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    767      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315327                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314215500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            822000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235556999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
