
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8931396313125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              148760368                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                277139497                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              378943181                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    40.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5993444043                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11165745766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12537344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12537344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        19392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           19392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         821186966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             821186966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1270162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1270162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1270162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        821186966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            822457128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195895                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        303                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195895                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      303                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12534400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   19456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12537280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                19392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     46                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267282000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195895                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  303                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.105854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.962556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.182505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41476     42.66%     42.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44726     46.00%     88.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9500      9.77%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1328      1.37%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          169      0.17%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10772.526316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10644.089164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1718.832852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     15.79%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.26%     21.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      5.26%     26.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      5.26%     31.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            4     21.05%     52.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3     15.79%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2     10.53%     78.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.26%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2     10.53%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               19    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4802008000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8474195500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  979250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24518.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43269.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       820.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    821.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98651                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     263                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77815.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347953620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184926555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               700541100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 647280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1642948050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24367680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5164687350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       105546720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9376312755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.141705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11601241250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9276750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    274842250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3146857250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11326767875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346339980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184053705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               697827900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 939600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1635044430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24425280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5206282530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        77049120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9376656945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.164249                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11616664750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9408000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509792250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    200347750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3131436750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11416359375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1127961                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1127961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            44375                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              878600                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  30498                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5011                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         878600                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            484540                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          394060                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14800                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     583569                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      37187                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134768                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          615                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     941660                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4296                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            960741                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3284807                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1127961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            515038                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29436846                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  91614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        38766                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   937364                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4623                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30484225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.216910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.174317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29185426     95.74%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   15395      0.05%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  479445      1.57%     97.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19018      0.06%     97.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   98324      0.32%     97.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   46994      0.15%     97.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   74127      0.24%     98.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   16001      0.05%     98.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  549495      1.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30484225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.036940                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.107576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  453688                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29157367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   562516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               264847                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 45807                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5488946                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 45807                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  529392                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28009257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13670                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   684614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1201485                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5283666                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                59444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                952825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                204797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6312789                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             14710209                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         6909377                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            31080                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2572865                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3739936                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               220                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           262                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1730181                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              952737                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              53019                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2782                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2739                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5042443                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3751721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2906773                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5940179                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3394                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30484225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.123071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.625027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28833226     94.58%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             721340      2.37%     96.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             356071      1.17%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             238207      0.78%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             195933      0.64%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              59485      0.20%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              50057      0.16%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              17129      0.06%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              12777      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30484225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7401     64.34%     64.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  814      7.08%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2931     25.48%     96.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  173      1.50%     98.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              149      1.30%     99.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              35      0.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            12712      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3074265     81.94%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 745      0.02%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6869      0.18%     82.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10834      0.29%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              604151     16.10%     98.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              39735      1.06%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2270      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           140      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3751721                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.122868                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11503                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003066                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          37976465                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          7924880                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3613676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              27703                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             27742                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11797                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3736257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14255                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3207                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       548741                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        33893                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1343                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 45807                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26365156                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               235559                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5045837                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               952737                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               53019                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1282                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12388                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                40186                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         23697                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        27197                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               50894                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3692996                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               583410                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            58725                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      620592                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  474757                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     37182                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.120944                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3637013                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3625473                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2572918                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4220332                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.118733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609648                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2907221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            45800                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30071508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.071133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.476486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29103218     96.78%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       450421      1.50%     98.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       115091      0.38%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       307713      1.02%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38896      0.13%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19807      0.07%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3692      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2796      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29874      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30071508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1071552                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2139077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        423123                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       403997                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    389639                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8244                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2131064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2385      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1700603     79.50%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            135      0.01%     79.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5895      0.28%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6936      0.32%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         402689     18.83%     99.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         19126      0.89%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1308      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2139077                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                29874                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35087932                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   10506300                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            387                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          50463                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1071552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2139077                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.495759                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.495759                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035093                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035093                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3824029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3116422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    20868                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10378                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2518966                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1067477                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1959369                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           219499                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             217431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           219499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.990579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2603323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2603323                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       195855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         195855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        18363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18363                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       214218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          214218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       214218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         214218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       380975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       380975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          763                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       381738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        381738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       381738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       381738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33445950500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33445950500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26580497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26580497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33472530997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33472530997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33472530997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33472530997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       576830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       576830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        19126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       595956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       595956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       595956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       595956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.660463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.660463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.640547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.640547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.640547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.640547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87790.407507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87790.407507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34836.824377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34836.824377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87684.566370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87684.566370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87684.566370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87684.566370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              753                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.802125                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       162234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       162234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       162240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       162240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       162240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       162240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       218741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       218741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       219498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       219498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       219498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       219498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19165843500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19165843500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25438497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25438497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19191281997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19191281997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19191281997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19191281997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.379212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.368312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.368312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87618.889463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87618.889463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33604.355350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33604.355350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87432.605295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87432.605295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87432.605295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87432.605295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3749456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3749456                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       937364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         937364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       937364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          937364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       937364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         937364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       937364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       937364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       937364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       937364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       937364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       937364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195901                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      237454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.212112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.895598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.104402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3705509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3705509                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1953                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1953                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               582                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   582                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         23021                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             23021                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                23603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    23603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               23603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   23603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195720                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195720                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195895                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195895                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17927000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17927000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18571936000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18571936000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18589863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18589863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18589863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18589863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1953                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1953                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           757                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               757                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       218741                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        218741                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           219498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               219498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          219498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              219498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.231176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.231176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.894757                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.894757                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.892468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.892468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.892468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.892468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       102440                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102440                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94890.333129                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94890.333129                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94897.077516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94897.077516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94897.077516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94897.077516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  303                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       303                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195720                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195720                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16177000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16177000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16614726000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16614726000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16630903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16630903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16630903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16630903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.231176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.894757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.892468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.892468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.892468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.892468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        92440                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        92440                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84890.282036                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84890.282036                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84897.026468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84897.026468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84897.026468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84897.026468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        391785                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195897                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195721                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       587681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       587681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 587681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12556736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12556736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12556736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195895    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           464510500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1058428750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       438996                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       219495                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          526                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            218742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          413143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       218741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       658495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                658495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14172928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14172928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195901                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     19392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           415399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 414864     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    535      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             415399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          221451000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         329248500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
