
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3343548363375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               64128127                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                118772111                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              176582329                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    86.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5544528629                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10269058836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12183808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12183936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        52224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           52224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         798030614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             798038997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3420634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3420634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3420634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        798030614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            801459632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190374                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        816                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190374                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      816                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12176448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   51328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12183936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                52224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267371500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190374                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  816                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.868687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.123409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.787983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43723     45.01%     45.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43100     44.37%     89.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8950      9.21%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1148      1.18%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          160      0.16%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3743.980000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3639.743165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    912.871350                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.00%      2.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            6     12.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            5     10.00%     26.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            6     12.00%     38.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      8.00%     46.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            6     12.00%     58.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      8.00%     66.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            6     12.00%     78.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      2.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      6.00%     86.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            4      8.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      4.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.040000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.037735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.282843                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               49     98.00%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4693761250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8261080000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  951285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24670.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43420.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       797.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    798.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    93230                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     687                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79854.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                351909180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187044165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               690759300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3941100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1626612990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24556800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5208812760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        81955200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9380900535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.442201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11636828500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9474000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    213567750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3111165500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11423276875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                341684700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181609725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               667675680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 245340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1583092920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24577920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5218813410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       110160960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9333169695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.315866                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11731594000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9730000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    287042750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3015747000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11444964375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1962320                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1962320                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           100045                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1593922                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  79985                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1593922                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            791112                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          802810                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        38468                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     938971                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     100587                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       162534                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1706                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1538284                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9184                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1584504                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6024895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1962320                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            871097                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28683039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 206148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      4033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        77453                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1529100                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13849                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30454269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.399295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.593877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28194529     92.58%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   37986      0.12%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  702222      2.31%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   48244      0.16%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  158175      0.52%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  105401      0.35%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  103751      0.34%     96.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   40838      0.13%     96.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1063123      3.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30454269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.064265                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.197313                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  858763                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27963614                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1182603                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               346215                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                103074                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10009490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                103074                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  978655                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26596954                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         20297                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1325231                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1430058                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9544275                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               106942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1046972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                320862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11335801                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             26092675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12847692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            65722                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3740416                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7595385                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           489                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2120886                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1623365                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             147362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8666                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            8018                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8933208                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6463644                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9802                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5827056                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11342481                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8468                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30454269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.212241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.866728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27987897     91.90%     91.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             901283      2.96%     94.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             498968      1.64%     96.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347056      1.14%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             379677      1.25%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             142821      0.47%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117339      0.39%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              47414      0.16%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              31814      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30454269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19695     70.96%     70.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2060      7.42%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5337     19.23%     97.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  492      1.77%     99.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              162      0.58%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            31336      0.48%      0.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5285362     81.77%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2412      0.04%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                19210      0.30%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              25533      0.40%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              986997     15.27%     98.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             108218      1.67%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4559      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            17      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6463644                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.211682                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      27754                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004294                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43356337                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14716582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6139170                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              62776                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             52152                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        27997                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6427717                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  32345                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            8504                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1074941                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          247                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        90883                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1272                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                103074                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23962625                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               299989                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8941676                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1623365                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              147362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3083                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 24322                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                96834                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         50054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        66718                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              116772                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6313589                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               938506                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           150055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1039060                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  718050                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    100554                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.206768                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6198107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6167167                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4586623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7288489                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.201972                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.629297                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5828220                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           103074                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29605884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.105203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.625116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28339409     95.72%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       560324      1.89%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       142565      0.48%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       353482      1.19%     99.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        78316      0.26%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        43040      0.15%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10908      0.04%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7911      0.03%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        69929      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29605884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1560197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3114621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        604903                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       548424                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    523712                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     22540                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3091841                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                9950                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6776      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2466914     79.20%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            398      0.01%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           16358      0.53%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         19272      0.62%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         545156     17.50%     98.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         56479      1.81%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3268      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3114621                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                69929                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38478796                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18737158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            636                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          80419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1560197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3114621                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             19.571046                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       19.571046                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.051096                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.051096                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6628701                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5364493                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    49399                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   24697                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3700273                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1704041                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3184517                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           258168                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             506128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           258168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.960460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4178300                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4178300                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       456288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         456288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        55437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         55437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       511725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          511725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       511725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         511725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       467266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       467266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       468308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        468308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       468308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       468308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35252919500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35252919500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     64830000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64830000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35317749500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35317749500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35317749500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35317749500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       923554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       923554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        56479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       980033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       980033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       980033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       980033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.505943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018449                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018449                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.477849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.477849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.477849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.477849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75445.077322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75445.077322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62216.890595                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62216.890595                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75415.644191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75415.644191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75415.644191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75415.644191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              983                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.636826                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       210128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       210142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       210142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       210142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       257138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       257138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       258166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       258166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       258166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       258166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19149638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19149638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     62321500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62321500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19211959500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19211959500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19211959500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19211959500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.278422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018201                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018201                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.263426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.263426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74472.221142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74472.221142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60624.027237                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60624.027237                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74417.078546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74417.078546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74417.078546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74417.078546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  4                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    2                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6116402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6116402                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1529098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1529098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1529098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1529098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1529098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1529098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1529100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1529100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1529100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1529100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1529100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1529100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190395                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      332839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.748150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.172678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.084989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.742333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4572                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4319355                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4319355                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               491                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   491                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         67303                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             67303                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                67794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    67794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               67794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   67794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             538                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 538                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189834                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189834                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190374                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     55731000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      55731000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       201000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18024177000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18024177000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18079908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18080109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18079908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18080109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       257137                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        257137                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           258166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               258168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          258166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              258168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.522838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.522838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.738260                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.738260                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.737402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.737404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.737402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.737404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103589.219331                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103589.219331                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94947.043206                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94947.043206                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94971.466392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94971.524473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94971.466392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94971.524473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  816                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       816                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          538                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            538                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189834                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189834                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     50351000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50351000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       181000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16125827000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16125827000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16176178000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16176359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16176178000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16176359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.522838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.738260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.738260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.737402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.737404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.737402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.737404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93589.219331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93589.219331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84946.990529                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84946.990529                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84971.413863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84971.471945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84971.413863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84971.471945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        380742                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190375                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       571117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       571117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 571117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12236224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12236224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12236224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190374    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           448329000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1029985250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       516338                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       258171                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          402                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             38                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           35                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            257141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          445420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       257137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       774502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                774508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16671680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16671936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190395                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     52224                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           448563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 448122     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    438      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             448563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          260498000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         387252000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
