
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               106871408875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 646450                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1211134                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               40161005                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   380.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   245750159                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     460416598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         245184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             245248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       200768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          200768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16059375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16063567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13150159                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13150159                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13150159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16059375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29213725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3832                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3137                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3832                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3137                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 245248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  201536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  245248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               200768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267331500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3832                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3137                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    101.022162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.283166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   142.463608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3909     88.40%     88.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          231      5.22%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           84      1.90%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           40      0.90%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      0.93%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      0.93%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.41%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.41%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           40      0.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.728814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.294019                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      4.740411                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             7      3.95%      3.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            59     33.33%     37.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            61     34.46%     71.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            11      6.21%     77.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             8      4.52%     82.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      2.26%     84.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             4      2.26%     87.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            11      6.21%     93.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             7      3.95%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             3      1.69%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.790960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.779941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.608956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18     10.17%     10.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.56%     10.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              158     89.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    356419250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               428269250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     93011.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               111761.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       45                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2513                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2190749.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 18692520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9931515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                16293480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                9093240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1268616960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            471018360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             45367680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3410792790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2246616960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        309002220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7806458175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            511.317365                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14113729750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67556750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     538056000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    783586500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5850563750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     547965250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7479615875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 12887700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  6849975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                11067000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7344540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1168430640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            471107850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             53121600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2482837350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2258723040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        839611980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7313313045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            479.016716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14092067000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     95237500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     496300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2765989250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5882117750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     582836250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5444863375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13153241                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13153241                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1106567                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10965746                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1017993                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            211771                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10965746                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3530228                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7435518                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       800078                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9873578                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7415974                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       132499                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        47237                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8925483                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        17418                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9660867                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59400063                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13153241                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4548221                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19671256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2233340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9348                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        76252                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8908065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               273790                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.729439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.581403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12406667     40.63%     40.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  862141      2.82%     43.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1235026      4.04%     47.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1401884      4.59%     52.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1120357      3.67%     55.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1091624      3.58%     59.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1029895      3.37%     62.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  874994      2.87%     65.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10511805     34.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.430764                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.945331                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8565797                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4352472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15543175                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               956279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1116670                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108221351                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1116670                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9336975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3343038                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         45248                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15660242                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1032220                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103062120                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 69499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    57                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                912457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109518973                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            259322311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       154899900                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3276680                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67073496                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42445399                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1436                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1993                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   831585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11839469                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8844968                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           505240                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          203606                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92539373                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              58340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82247852                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           456981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29798775                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43321165                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         58317                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.693613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.527733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10020077     32.82%     32.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2823086      9.25%     42.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3077967     10.08%     52.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3056082     10.01%     62.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3089660     10.12%     72.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2756198      9.03%     81.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3040958      9.96%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1647712      5.40%     96.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1022653      3.35%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 799560     73.26%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13280      1.22%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                101203      9.27%     83.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                85113      7.80%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              412      0.04%     91.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           91815      8.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           516412      0.63%      0.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62205663     75.63%     76.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               65734      0.08%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                85863      0.10%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1172942      1.43%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10026869     12.19%     90.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7475392      9.09%     99.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         405610      0.49%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        293367      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82247852                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.693587                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1091383                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013269                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         192576944                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119161824                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76624330                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            4001518                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3235769                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1810248                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              80802630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2020193                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1217719                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4293236                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10146                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2642                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2666706                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1116670                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3390044                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1881                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92597713                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11839469                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8844968                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20786                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   102                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1664                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2642                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        305231                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1163420                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1468651                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             79589908                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9866858                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2657945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17275346                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8581815                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7408488                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.606541                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79048509                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78434578                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 54739923                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 85691997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.568704                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638799                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29799067                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1115995                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26031137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.412451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.725157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9530309     36.61%     36.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3747972     14.40%     51.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2586994      9.94%     60.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3493435     13.42%     74.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1132690      4.35%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1136433      4.37%     83.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       789189      3.03%     86.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       464408      1.78%     87.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3149707     12.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26031137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33164077                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              62798836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13724459                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7546229                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7285530                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1285233                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 61833391                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              456416                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       255966      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        47723824     75.99%     76.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          48933      0.08%     76.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           74802      0.12%     76.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        970852      1.55%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7274615     11.58%     89.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6178230      9.84%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       271614      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         62798836                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3149707                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115479333                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  189786861                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             32                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33164077                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     62798836                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.920716                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.920716                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.086112                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.086112                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               114965426                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61450398                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2542646                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1252789                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 39732701                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                20878497                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               34959799                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             527883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.065545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58824188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58824188                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8518984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8518984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6178080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6178080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14697064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14697064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14697064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14697064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3282                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    157293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    566717500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    566717500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    724010500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    724010500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    724010500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    724010500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8523392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8523392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6181362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6181362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14704754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14704754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14704754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14704754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35683.529946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35683.529946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 172674.436319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172674.436319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94149.609883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94149.609883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94149.609883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94149.609883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3934                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     86643500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86643500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    559373000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559373000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    646016500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    646016500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    646016500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    646016500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45173.879041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45173.879041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 171903.196066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171903.196066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124906.515855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124906.515855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124906.515855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124906.515855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              994                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             682235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           686.353119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35633254                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35633254                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8907036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8907036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8907036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8907036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8907036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8907036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13752500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13752500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13752500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13752500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13752500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13752500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8908065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8908065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8908065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8908065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8908065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8908065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13364.917396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13364.917396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13364.917396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13364.917396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13364.917396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13364.917396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          994                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              994                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12532500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12532500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12532500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12532500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12532500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12532500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12608.148893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12608.148893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12608.148893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12608.148893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12608.148893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12608.148893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3843                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.188915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       33.046726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.383538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16318.569736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    102419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   102419                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3934                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3934                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          994                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              994                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            993                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                993                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1338                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1338                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 993                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          580                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             580                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3831                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    554456000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     554456000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       613500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69693000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     69693000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    624149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        624762500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    624149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       624762500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3934                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3934                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          994                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          994                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3254                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3254                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001006                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001006                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.302398                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.302398                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.740719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.621473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.740719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.621473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 170549.369425                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170549.369425                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       613500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120160.344828                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120160.344828                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 162920.647351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163038.230689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 162920.647351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163038.230689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3137                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3137                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           14                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            14                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3251                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          580                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          580                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    521936000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    521936000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       603500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     63893000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63893000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    585829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    586432500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    585829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    586432500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.302398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.740719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.621473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.740719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.621473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 160546.293448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160546.293448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       603500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110160.344828                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110160.344828                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152918.037066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153035.621086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 152918.037066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153035.621086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7673                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3843                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       446080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       446080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  446080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3832    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21082250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12332                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6166                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7071                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1944                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3254                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3255                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1918                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       127232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       582784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 710016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3843                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    200768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9983     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     26      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10009                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11094000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1491499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
