
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               167940785375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1292063                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2430180                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51382153                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2302824                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   297.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   383914694                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     722087049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         249408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             249408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       242880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          242880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16336044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16336044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        15908464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             15908464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        15908464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16336044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32244508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3897                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3795                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3897                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3795                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 249408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  243264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  249408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               242880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15262102000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3897                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3795                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    107.654796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.658259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   146.001520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3898     85.16%     85.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          292      6.38%     91.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          138      3.02%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           77      1.68%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           57      1.25%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      0.74%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      0.50%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      0.61%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           30      0.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.328638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.256193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.929165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            18      8.45%      8.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           182     85.45%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21             6      2.82%     96.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23             4      1.88%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             1      0.47%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.845070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.836950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.522545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               15      7.04%      7.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      1.41%      8.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              195     91.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    268870000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               341938750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19485000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     68994.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                87744.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     15.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       58                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3064                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1984152.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    40.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  9788940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5206740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 8825040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                6096960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         875247360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            309495750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             36636000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1957882740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1742375040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1471580760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6424110540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            420.774595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14484817750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     60486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     371590000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5660012500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4537383125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     344191000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4293681500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 22883700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 12162975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                18999540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               13744260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1243416720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            533730330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             46054080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3344079420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2100698880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        407952660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7744446555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            507.255649                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13971672750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     69552000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     527432000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1171270875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5470668250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     694812500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7333608500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13278747                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13278747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1062247                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11118205                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 986469                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            206775                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11118205                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3711148                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7407057                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       759014                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10069297                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7598908                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       129472                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        43840                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9023404                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        11375                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9742232                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59864545                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13278747                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4697617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19667133                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2135450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        50040                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  9012029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               260676                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.752828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.574346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12246441     40.11%     40.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  870502      2.85%     42.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1258728      4.12%     47.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1430511      4.68%     51.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1133341      3.71%     55.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1133940      3.71%     59.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1038666      3.40%     62.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  902350      2.96%     65.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10519920     34.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434874                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.960542                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8635946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4125689                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15765453                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               939586                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1067725                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109141018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1067725                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9389115                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3221732                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         29370                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15884516                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               941941                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             104153900                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 64016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    96                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                818435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110814189                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            262346196                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156571658                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3169740                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69774733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41039418                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1219                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1645                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   930898                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11929884                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8994312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           497604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          201248                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  94070192                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              69705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84115355                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           456048                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28845827                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41897393                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         69682                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.754774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.518756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9548103     31.27%     31.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2876820      9.42%     40.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3114847     10.20%     50.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3153146     10.33%     61.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3205244     10.50%     71.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2809829      9.20%     80.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3139288     10.28%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1653422      5.41%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1033700      3.39%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 817637     73.50%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14904      1.34%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102218      9.19%     84.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                87918      7.90%     91.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              842      0.08%     92.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           88928      7.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           498264      0.59%      0.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63757941     75.80%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               76707      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                88608      0.11%     76.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1173802      1.40%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10198767     12.12%     90.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7644194      9.09%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         392274      0.47%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        284798      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84115355                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.754747                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1112447                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013225                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196369736                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119898870                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78689602                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3963863                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3087902                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1797217                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82729734                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1999804                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1273328                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4112625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10789                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2517                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2589595                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1067725                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3268539                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 2888                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           94139897                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            13166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11929884                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8994312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             24647                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2746                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2517                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        300401                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1102849                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1403250                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81600565                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10062769                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2514785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17654315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8845690                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7591546                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.672389                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81069367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80486819                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56261219                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88165258                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.635914                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28846418                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1067072                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26201166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.492028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.742531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9132067     34.85%     34.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3827520     14.61%     49.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2678232     10.22%     59.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3640784     13.90%     73.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1136362      4.34%     77.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1174218      4.48%     82.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       822388      3.14%     85.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       479920      1.83%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3309675     12.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26201166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34476433                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65294042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14221969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7817256                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7590665                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1330030                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64294956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              472403                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       264882      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49669647     76.07%     76.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55432      0.08%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77420      0.12%     76.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1004692      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7536174     11.54%     89.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6404713      9.81%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       281082      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65294042                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3309675                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   117031951                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  192698959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             34                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            289                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34476433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65294042                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.885668                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.885668                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.129091                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.129091                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               118087813                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63058206                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2534695                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1248988                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41166135                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21547092                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35847344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5470                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            8488967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1551.913528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60302810                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60302810                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8661563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8661563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6404507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6404507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15066070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15066070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15066070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15066070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    192805500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    192805500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    475057500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    475057500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    667863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    667863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    667863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    667863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8666414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8666414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6407921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6407921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15074335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15074335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15074335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15074335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39745.516388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39745.516388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 139149.824253                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139149.824253                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80806.170599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80806.170599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80806.170599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80806.170599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4391                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4391                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     98313500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98313500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    468277500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    468277500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    566591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    566591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    566591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47039.952153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47039.952153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 138461.709048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138461.709048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103543.676901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103543.676901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103543.676901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103543.676901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             624605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           271.095920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36050422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36050422                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      9009614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9009614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      9009614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         9009614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      9009614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        9009614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         2415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         2415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      9012029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9012029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      9012029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      9012029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      9012029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      9012029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12686.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12686.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12686.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12686.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12686.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12686.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27657500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27657500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27657500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27657500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27657500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27657500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.712056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.712056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.712056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.712056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.712056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.712056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3870                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 49149.466688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        3992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.031525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        1.366395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       469.414790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     48678.685503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.009550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.990370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        46591                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    190438                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   190438                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4391                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4391                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2304                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2304                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           2304                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               2304                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1572                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1572                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 2304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                2304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1573                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3877                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3379                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3379                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          518                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             518                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3897                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3897                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    463167500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     463167500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     78573500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     78573500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    541741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        541741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    541741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       541741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4391                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4391                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2304                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2304                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3380                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3380                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         2304                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2304                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2090                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2090                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             2304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            2304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999704                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.247847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.247847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.712431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.501286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.712431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.501286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137072.358686                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137072.358686                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 151686.293436                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151686.293436                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 139014.883244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139014.883244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 139014.883244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139014.883244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3795                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3795                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          518                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    429377500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429377500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     73393500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73393500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    502771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    502771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    502771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    502771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.247847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.712431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.501286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.712431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.501286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127072.358686                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127072.358686                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141686.293436                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141686.293436                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 129014.883244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129014.883244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 129014.883244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129014.883244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7729                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3832                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                518                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               37                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3379                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3379                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           518                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3897    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            23923500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21474250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        15552                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7774                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             38                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           38                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              4396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3380                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3380                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2090                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 23328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       294912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       631104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 926016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3872                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    243008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            11648                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.064064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  11600     99.59%     99.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     48      0.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              11648                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           14471000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3459000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
