
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2534379124750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               19292534                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 35665069                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54743794                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   278.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5380440316                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9946531156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        5828032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            5828800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2495232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2495232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           91063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               91075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         38988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              38988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             50303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         381731882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             381782185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        50303                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            50303                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       163435892                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            163435892                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       163435892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            50303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        381731882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            545218077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       91075                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      38988                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     91075                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    38988                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                5828544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2495744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 5828800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2495232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              5643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              5514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              5840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              5840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              5917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              5527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              5560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              5836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              5607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              5965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             5944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             5844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             5589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             5389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             5457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             5599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267342000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 91075                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                38988                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   85941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        36508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    227.977649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   141.009476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   263.347376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17102     46.84%     46.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8831     24.19%     71.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3578      9.80%     80.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2074      5.68%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          968      2.65%     89.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          917      2.51%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          670      1.84%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          459      1.26%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1909      5.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        36508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      38.268726                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     24.750276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     89.834664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           2215     93.74%     93.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           54      2.29%     96.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           17      0.72%     96.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           23      0.97%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           12      0.51%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      0.21%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      0.34%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      0.17%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      0.38%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      0.17%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      0.17%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.04%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.04%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            2      0.08%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.502751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.480118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.884223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1758     74.40%     74.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               60      2.54%     76.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              514     21.75%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               24      1.02%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1704674250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3412255500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  455355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18718.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37468.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       381.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       163.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    381.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    163.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    75127                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   18429                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 82.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                47.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     117384.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    71.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                132375600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 70347915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               326133780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              102259800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1167816000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1369740780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             58632960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3950529780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       839426880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        362374620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8379793605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            548.870421                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12110624375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     58248500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     494726000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1261038875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2185959500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2603737250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8663634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                128312940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 68199945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               324113160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              101299320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1152450000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1390313790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             55867200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3790903560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       861392640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        428530680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8301899985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            543.768446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12070506375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     47362000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     488280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1515183250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2243189250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2659804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8313525625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               11006702                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         11006702                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           190433                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6502842                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 133607                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              1849                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6502842                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           5517195                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          985647                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        10867                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6621542                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1002725                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         8242                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          675                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2033674                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2190416                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      38989497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   11006702                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           5650802                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28152667                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 381082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          561                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2033591                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                11688                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.559512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.331033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                17951574     58.79%     58.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  627775      2.06%     60.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  256167      0.84%     61.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  399552      1.31%     63.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  283742      0.93%     63.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 4167463     13.65%     77.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  359695      1.18%     78.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  222552      0.73%     79.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6265702     20.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.360466                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.276892                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1656356                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             17402185                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 10480329                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               804811                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                190541                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              76470422                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                190541                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2026189                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               16000352                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 10879854                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1437286                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              75407780                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               101914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1228742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  8811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  6817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          103458137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            185117421                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       101765898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             83920648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                19537396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3037700                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7121323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1028589                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           125141                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          202236                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  73233094                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 11                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 69162278                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          1098883                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       11533673                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     15126706                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.265074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.868877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17031609     55.78%     55.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1094211      3.58%     59.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1028364      3.37%     62.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1171690      3.84%     66.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1012098      3.31%     69.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1053998      3.45%     73.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3984859     13.05%     86.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            3990411     13.07%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             166982      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                5799023     99.85%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  8188      0.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  266      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10090      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             61305733     88.64%     88.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               78693      0.11%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     88.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6761645      9.78%     98.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1006117      1.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              69162278                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.265040                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    5807477                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.083969                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         175765145                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         84766854                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     68636364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              74959665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          203124                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       940197                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           87                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        50873                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            7                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          243                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                190541                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12962716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                78481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           73233105                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1818                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7121323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1028589                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 4                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 25478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2718                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            87                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         36810                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       165387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              202197                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68826821                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6621397                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           335464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     7624122                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 9246436                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1002725                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.254054                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      68779465                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     68636364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56338007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 85792837                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.247816                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.656675                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11533718                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           190478                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28999554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.127595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.163387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17723273     61.12%     61.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1817401      6.27%     67.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       397207      1.37%     68.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1151417      3.97%     72.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       339529      1.17%     73.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1953753      6.74%     80.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       189978      0.66%     81.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49474      0.17%     81.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5377522     18.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28999554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            31101365                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              61699309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       7158814                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6181113                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   8563068                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 61695253                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              119404                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4056      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        54457758     88.26%     88.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          78681      0.13%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        6181113     10.02%     98.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        977701      1.58%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         61699309                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              5377522                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    96855059                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  148010197                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            466                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   31101365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     61699309                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.981780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.981780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.018558                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.018558                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                91630150                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               58596762                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 47174347                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                35477241                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               26609814                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           126607                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            6582159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           126607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            51.988903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          701                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         29699079                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        29699079                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6095427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6095427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       974886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        974886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7070313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         7070313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7070313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        7070313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       319990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       319990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         2815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       322805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        322805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       322805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       322805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19552874500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19552874500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     96492000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     96492000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19649366500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19649366500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19649366500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19649366500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6415417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6415417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       977701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       977701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      7393118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7393118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      7393118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7393118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61104.642333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61104.642333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34277.797513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34277.797513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60870.700578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60870.700578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60870.700578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60870.700578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5927                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              105                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    56.447619                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       196197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       196197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       196197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       123793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       123793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       126608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       126608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       126608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       126608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8526879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8526879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     93677000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93677000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8620556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8620556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8620556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8620556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68880.138619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68880.138619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33277.797513                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33277.797513                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68088.556805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68088.556805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68088.556805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68088.556805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               12                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1802660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               12                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         150221.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8134376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8134376                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2033578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2033578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2033578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2033578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2033578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2033578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2494000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2494000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2494000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2494000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2494000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2494000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2033591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2033591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2033591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2033591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2033591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2033591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 191846.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191846.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 191846.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191846.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 191846.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191846.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           12                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               12                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 199833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 199833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 199833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     91088                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      298090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     91088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.272550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       97.955464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        79.342702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     48974.701834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          695                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5623                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        41785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3129956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3129956                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4245                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4245                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           12                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               12                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              2162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         33383                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             33383                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                35545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    35545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               35545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   35545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             653                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 653                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               12                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        90410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           90410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              91063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  91075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             91063                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 91075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66740500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      66740500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2380000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      2380000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7990152000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7990152000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8056892500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       8059272500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8056892500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      8059272500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4245                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4245                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           12                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          2815                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2815                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             12                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123793                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        123793                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           126608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               126620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          126608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              126620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.231972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.231972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.730332                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.730332                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.719252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.719278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.719252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.719278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102205.972435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102205.972435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 198333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88376.860967                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88376.860967                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 198333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88476.027585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88490.502333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 198333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88476.027585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88490.502333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                38988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     38988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          653                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            653                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        90410                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        90410                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         91063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             91075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        91063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            91075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     60210500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60210500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2260000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2260000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7086062000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7086062000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2260000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7146272500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7148532500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7146272500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7148532500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.231972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.730332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.730332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.719252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.719278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.719252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.719278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92205.972435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92205.972435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 188333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78376.971574                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78376.971574                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 188333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78476.137399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78490.612133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 188333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78476.137399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78490.612133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        181994                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        90919                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              90421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        38988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            51931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         90422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       273068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       273068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 273068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8323968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      8323968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8323968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             91075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   91075    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               91075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy           356863500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          482064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       253239                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       126621                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           69                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            181                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          181                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            123804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        43233                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          174462                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2815                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       123793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       379822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                379858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8374528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                8376064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           91088                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2495232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           217708                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 217456     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    252      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             217708                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          130876500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         189910500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
