
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2977132104375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               61026822                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                113077012                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              167110472                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    91.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5575456273                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10330802764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        8953792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            8954048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        65216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           65216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          139903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              139907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         586466901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             586483669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4271601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4271601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4271601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        586466901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            590755270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      139909                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1019                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    139909                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1019                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                8945088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    9024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   65024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 8954176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                65216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    141                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              8832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              8824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              8710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              8754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              8470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              8120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              7944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              7791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             7842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             8632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             8948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267774500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                139909                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1019                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  109782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   27698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        84813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    106.235789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.000855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    63.917627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49689     58.59%     58.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30234     35.65%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4369      5.15%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          444      0.52%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           49      0.06%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        84813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2206.349206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2128.801035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    589.504334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      1.59%      1.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      4.76%      6.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            3      4.76%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      1.59%     12.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      3.17%     15.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            4      6.35%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            4      6.35%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            8     12.70%     41.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            9     14.29%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            6      9.52%     65.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            4      6.35%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            2      3.17%     74.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            3      4.76%     79.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            3      4.76%     84.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            2      3.17%     87.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            3      4.76%     92.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      1.59%     93.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            2      3.17%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      1.59%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      1.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.126984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.120988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.457626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               58     92.06%     92.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      3.17%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      4.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3682283250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6302914500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  698835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26345.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.96                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45095.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       585.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    586.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    55186                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     785                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 39.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                77.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     108337.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    39.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                301179480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                160084485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               493609620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3946320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1206538320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1311958740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             25327680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5291838390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       275833920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     1358280.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9071775135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            594.194711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12324467000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10710000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510392000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       836250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    718413000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2421775125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11605217750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                304371060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                161780850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               504319620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1357200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1210226160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1331426520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             26129280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5260083690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       278787360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         10448340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9088930080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            595.318348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12279453000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     13014000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     512006000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     18223500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    725933250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2462526000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11535641375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3277003                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3277003                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           161315                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2647212                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 124036                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             17814                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2647212                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1344350                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1302862                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        62093                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1644479                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     164303                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       312821                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2612                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2625803                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14133                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2697837                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       9920292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3277003                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1468386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     27488732                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 331170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       113670                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2611670                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                26794                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30470226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.656863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.998843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26714527     87.67%     87.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   60227      0.20%     87.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1216240      3.99%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   77606      0.25%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  260082      0.85%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  157707      0.52%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  174186      0.57%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   61939      0.20%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1747712      5.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30470226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.107321                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.324886                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1471683                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26235253                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2010026                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               587679                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                165585                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              16929727                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                165585                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1692001                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               24195915                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         30956                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2253597                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2132172                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              16193661                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               100077                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1755888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                273283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           19242610                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             44456962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        21692916                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           111421                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              6938373                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                12304241                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           782                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3532641                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2766048                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             239850                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            13876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           13425                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  15176193                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              13002                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11138599                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            18635                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9411759                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     18604805                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         13002                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30470226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.365557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.115472                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26253239     86.16%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1506182      4.94%     91.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             864398      2.84%     93.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             613979      2.02%     95.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             638725      2.10%     98.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             254431      0.84%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             197532      0.65%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              84483      0.28%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              57257      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30470226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  36094     73.51%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3483      7.09%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  8378     17.06%     97.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  800      1.63%     99.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              339      0.69%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            50297      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9089475     81.60%     82.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3937      0.04%     82.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                31868      0.29%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              43370      0.39%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1734015     15.57%     98.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             177418      1.59%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           8206      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            13      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11138599                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.364785                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      49101                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004408                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52707624                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         24510771                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10586805                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             107536                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             90196                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        47638                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11081980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  55423                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           15506                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1737311                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          502                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       144696                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          135                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2154                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                165585                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               21368448                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               385542                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           15189195                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            10207                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2766048                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              239850                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33417                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                71100                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         81054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              187623                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10873244                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1643646                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           265355                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1807900                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1289166                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    164254                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.356095                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10685022                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10634443                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7906316                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12706666                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.348274                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.622218                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9412960                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           165578                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29110669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.198465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.848313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26764676     91.94%     91.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1031265      3.54%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       266111      0.91%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       669955      2.30%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       131400      0.45%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83237      0.29%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18952      0.07%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11994      0.04%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133079      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29110669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2893769                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               5777439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1123892                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1028738                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    986642                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     38008                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  5739129                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               16775                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        11326      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         4581867     79.31%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            671      0.01%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           27187      0.47%     79.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         32496      0.56%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1023226     17.71%     98.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         95154      1.65%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         5512      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          5777439                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               133079                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    44167989                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   31745684                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            817                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          64462                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2893769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5777439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             10.551875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       10.551875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.094770                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.094770                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                11480149                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9207736                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    84070                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   42002                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6716511                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3010789                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5550750                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           496023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             855686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           496023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.725093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7347135                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7347135                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       761579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         761579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        93130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       854709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          854709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       854709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         854709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       856045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       856045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         2024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       858069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        858069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       858069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       858069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32975746500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32975746500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    109388500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    109388500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33085135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33085135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33085135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33085135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1617624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1617624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        95154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        95154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1712778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1712778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1712778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1712778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.529199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.529199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021271                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021271                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.500981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.500981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38521.043286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38521.043286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54045.701581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54045.701581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38557.662612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38557.662612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38557.662612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38557.662612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        50134                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.117234                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             7039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       362026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       362026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       362046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       362046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       362046                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       362046                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       494019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       494019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       496023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       496023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       496023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       496023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17993103500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17993103500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    105427000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105427000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18098530500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18098530500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18098530500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18098530500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.305398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36421.885595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36421.885595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52608.283433                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52608.283433                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36487.280832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36487.280832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36487.280832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36487.280832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            67.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         10446684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        10446684                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2611666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2611666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2611666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2611666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2611666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2611666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       371500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       371500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2611670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2611670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2611670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2611670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2611670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2611670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        92875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        92875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       367500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       367500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       367500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       367500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       367500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       367500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    139911                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      830817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    139911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.938182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.810428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.669686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     49147.519887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        34847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  12040299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 12040299                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              1097                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1097                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        355021                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            355021                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               356118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   356118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              356118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  356118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             907                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 907                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       138998                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          138998                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             139905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 139909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            139905                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                139909                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     90818500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      90818500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       361000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       361000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13420565000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  13420565000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13511383500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13511744500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13511383500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13511744500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          2004                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2004                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       494019                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        494019                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           496023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               496027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          496023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              496027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.452595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.452595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.281362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.282053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.282059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.282053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.282059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100130.650496                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100130.650496                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96552.216579                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96552.216579                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96575.415460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96575.234617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96575.415460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96575.234617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1019                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1019                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          907                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            907                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       138998                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       138998                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        139905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            139909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       139905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           139909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     81748500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81748500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       321000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       321000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12030605000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12030605000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12112353500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12112674500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12112353500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12112674500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.452595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.282059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.282059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90130.650496                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90130.650496                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86552.360466                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86552.360466                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86575.558415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86575.377567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86575.558415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86575.377567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        279816                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       139907                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             139000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           138888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        139002                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       419723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       419723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 419723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9019264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9019264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9019264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            139909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  139909    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              139909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy           328492000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          763743500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       992054                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       496026                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          355                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              4                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            494023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          627876                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       494019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1488069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1488081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     32195968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               32196480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          139911                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     65216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           635938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000563                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 635580     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    358      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             635938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          503070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         744034500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
