
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6473353909000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              121141566                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                225603227                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              310149437                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332668                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    49.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5963284348                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11105490094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11874944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11874944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        22400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           22400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          185546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              185546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                350                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         777800245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             777800245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1467184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1467184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1467184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        777800245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            779267429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      185544                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        350                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    185544                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      350                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11871104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   22528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11874816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                22400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     58                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267345500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                185544                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  350                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.164972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.148854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.791086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44965     46.57%     46.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42135     43.64%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8234      8.53%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1106      1.15%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          100      0.10%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8597.954545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8364.050078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2012.641559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      4.55%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.55%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.55%     13.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      9.09%     22.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     13.64%     36.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      9.09%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      4.55%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     13.64%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      9.09%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      9.09%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      4.55%     86.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2      9.09%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4581934000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8059796500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  927430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24702.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43452.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       777.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    777.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    88977                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     299                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82129.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343940940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182812740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               658329420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1054440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1577024700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24741120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5205973020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       125800800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     627540.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9326228400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            610.861216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11743003125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9924000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       312750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    327239000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3004291000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11415451375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345511740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183640050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               666062040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 783000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1588844220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24943200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5186390100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       127521120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          4616520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9334235670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.385687                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11717311750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10488000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510138000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     12332250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    332082750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3028444125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11373859000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1816448                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1816448                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            80351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1381805                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  56724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10355                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1381805                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            767051                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          614754                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22626                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     883229                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      55621                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       175816                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          842                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1493943                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        11652                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1524186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5313856                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1816448                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            823775                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28707051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 168986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      7453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       102596                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1482291                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8186                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     21                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30428537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.351801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.490070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28374570     93.25%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   18550      0.06%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  732486      2.41%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   30140      0.10%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  141655      0.47%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   87975      0.29%     96.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   96440      0.32%     96.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   28060      0.09%     96.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  918661      3.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30428537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.059488                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.174027                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  779516                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28224660                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   986628                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               353240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 84493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8730435                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 84493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  891321                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26639987                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10977                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1142858                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1658901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8360766                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               128106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1165294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                452059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9967435                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23232173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10975843                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            36398                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3437587                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6529849                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               221                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           279                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2280776                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1531016                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              79799                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4638                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4515                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7956961                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3962                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5726852                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6606                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5091269                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10296256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3962                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30428537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.188207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.788071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28086175     92.30%     92.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             917354      3.01%     95.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             498789      1.64%     96.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             340601      1.12%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             345090      1.13%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             104610      0.34%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              85926      0.28%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              28785      0.09%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              21207      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30428537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10917     63.55%     63.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     63.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     63.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1077      6.27%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     69.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4855     28.26%     98.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  247      1.44%     99.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               77      0.45%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            22784      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4696253     82.00%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 875      0.02%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8804      0.15%     82.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13754      0.24%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              922455     16.11%     98.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              59730      1.04%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2183      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            14      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5726852                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.187552                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      17179                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003000                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41872761                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13021704                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5489490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              33265                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             30490                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14773                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5704135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  17112                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4705                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       980107                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          164                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        54144                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           43                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1598                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 84493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24118577                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               342980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7960923                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1531016                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               79799                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1454                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19992                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               123400                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         45686                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        46929                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               92615                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5624344                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               882967                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           102508                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      938575                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  674362                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     55608                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.184195                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5524914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5504263                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4057747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6411381                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.180263                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.632897                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5092500                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            84491                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29697466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.096630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.569174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28443729     95.78%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       582623      1.96%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135297      0.46%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       373754      1.26%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68572      0.23%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        37487      0.13%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5280      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4019      0.01%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        46705      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29697466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1436324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2869655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        576564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       550909                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    522851                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10262                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2859319                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3054      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2273755     79.23%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            181      0.01%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7329      0.26%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8772      0.31%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         549419     19.15%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         25655      0.89%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1490      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2869655                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                46705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37612916                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16656840                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            864                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         106152                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1436324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2869655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             21.258914                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       21.258914                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.047039                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.047039                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5663700                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4777907                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    26399                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   13134                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3535068                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1529666                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2968717                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           291395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             388391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           291395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.332868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3889879                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3889879                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       361723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         361723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       386337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          386337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       386337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         386337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       512243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       512243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       513284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        513284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       513284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       513284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34650657000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34650657000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37128000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37128000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34687785000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34687785000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34687785000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34687785000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       873966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       873966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        25655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       899621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       899621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       899621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       899621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.586113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.586113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.570556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.570556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.570556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.570556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67644.959521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67644.959521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35665.706052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35665.706052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67580.101854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67580.101854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67580.101854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67580.101854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        34311                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1458                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.532922                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       221885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       221891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       221891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       290358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       290358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       291393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       291393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       291393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       291393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19189281500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19189281500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35646500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35646500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19224928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19224928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19224928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19224928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.332230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040343                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040343                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66088.351277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66088.351277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34441.062802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34441.062802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65975.943142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65975.943142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65975.943142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65975.943142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5929164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5929164                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1482291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1482291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1482291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1482291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1482291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1482291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1482291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1482291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1482291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1482291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1482291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1482291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    185546                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      393970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    185546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.123301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            49149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11050                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        36308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7175246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7175246                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2825                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2825                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               786                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   786                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        105063                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            105063                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               105849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   105849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              105849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  105849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 249                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       185295                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          185295                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             185544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 185544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            185544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                185544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25719500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      25719500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17606838500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17606838500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17632558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17632558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17632558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17632558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2825                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2825                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1035                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1035                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       290358                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        290358                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           291393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               291393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          291393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              291393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.240580                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.240580                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.638160                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.638160                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.636748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.636748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.636748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.636748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103291.164659                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103291.164659                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95020.580696                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95020.580696                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95031.679817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95031.679817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95031.679817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95031.679817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  350                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       350                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       185295                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       185295                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        185544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            185544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       185544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           185544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23229500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23229500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15753868500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15753868500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15777098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15777098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15777098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15777098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.240580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.638160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.638160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93291.164659                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93291.164659                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85020.472760                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85020.472760                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85031.572026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85031.572026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85031.572026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85031.572026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        371090                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       185546                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             185297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           185196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        185295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       556636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       556636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 556636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11897344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11897344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11897344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            185544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  185544    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              185544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy           436344500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1004943500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       582788                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       291392                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          313                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            290360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          473766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       290358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       874183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                874183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18830080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               18830080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          185546                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     22400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           476939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 476629     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    310      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             476939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          294219000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         437092500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
