
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  8.214480                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                8214479931000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8214479931000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  88026                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   164913                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              112794790                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2328400                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 72826.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6410677898                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12010049360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         390784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data     4399801408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         4400192192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       390784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        390784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    237858624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       237858624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            6106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data        68746897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            68753003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       3716541                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            3716541                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             47573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         535615334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             535662906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        47573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            47573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        28956017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             28956017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        28956017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            47573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        535615334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            564618924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    68753003                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    3716541                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  68753003                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  3716541                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             4398514240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1677952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               237855296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              4400192192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            237858624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  26218                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    35                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           4279066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           4275033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           4263117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           4256866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           4243335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           4261818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           4229888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           4232994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           4217371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           4207137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          4198463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          4300381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          4519646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          4466575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          4425831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          4349264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            230378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            231008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            229595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            228544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            228880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            228597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            230702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            229583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            229182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            229665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           231570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           229557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           263527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           231583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           231217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           232901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  8214479733500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              68753003                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              3716541                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                52304962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                15065615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1173277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  182802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  80862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  82054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 179315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 208280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 217370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 222601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 223232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 223601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 223863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 224258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 224394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 224824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 226376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 227002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 234390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 238585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 225542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 228282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     35420752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.894139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.139021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   120.011896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127     17393399     49.11%     49.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255     14262229     40.27%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      2757173      7.78%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       499626      1.41%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        78043      0.22%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        38142      0.11%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        36520      0.10%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        29784      0.08%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       325836      0.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     35420752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       221952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     309.647059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     25.626432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2412.648150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383       221919     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-32767           20      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-49151            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::49152-65535            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::81920-98303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        221952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       221952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.744562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.716684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.976770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           139537     62.87%     62.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1280      0.58%     63.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            79617     35.87%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1361      0.61%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              128      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               26      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        221952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 1683616845250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            2972244064000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               343633925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24497.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43247.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       535.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        28.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    535.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     28.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 34630081                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 2392430                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                64.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     113350.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             125369682060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              66635554920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            243060715380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             9590638140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         622525216560.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         668000737830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          18208562400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    2427027144630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    290450553120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     172058032500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           4643002590660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            565.221734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         6701962643500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18078982000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  263588638000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 623169486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 756379889750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1230849620250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 5322413315000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             127534565760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              67786198920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            247648529520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             9809434440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         623494503840.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         678696362610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          17713107840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    2425844893380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    287725433280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     169048390080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           4655380618980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            566.728589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         6679837084750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16754977000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  263998568000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 610686173000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 749286032000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1253889301250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 5319864879750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups             2225659124                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted       2225659124                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect        119702086                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups          1786365678                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS              157690937                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect          16392872                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups     1786365678                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits         869312224                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses       917053454                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted     64077757                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                 1850725895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  647967926                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                     82955394                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                      2741924                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1726599726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                      2903565                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                 4934                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                     16428959863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles        1796725987                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                   10750125273                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                 2225659124                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches        1027003161                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                  14471303862                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles              241605234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                    755706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles              839362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     22019520                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         1753                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          406                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines               1723699132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes             27243918                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2948                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples       16412449213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.251130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.680891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0             12931861853     78.79%     78.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1               154860825      0.94%     79.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2               527263842      3.21%     82.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3               184792707      1.13%     84.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4               219487188      1.34%     85.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5               259426989      1.58%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6               171419956      1.04%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7               139943569      0.85%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8              1823392284     11.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total         16412449213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.135472                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.654340                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles              1214956293                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles          12358344799                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles               2048845127                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles            669500377                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles             120802617                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts           18955205381                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles             120802617                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles              1493097262                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles            10548960026                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      13867362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles               2392516254                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles           1843205692                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts           18372664821                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents             62671551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents            1322187449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents             126249561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents             238664905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands        20648374719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups          45923937996                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups     21591160627                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups       7160530858                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps          13494983247                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps              7153391472                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            980170                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts       1087259                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts               3425468804                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads          2301525481                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores          739737879                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads         66557942                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores        31104897                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded               17368982502                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           10259586                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued              15093009424                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         40741198                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     5369192727                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   9049605244                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      10248466                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples  16412449213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.919607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.784104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0        11715986950     71.38%     71.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1         1122559603      6.84%     78.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          944657485      5.76%     83.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          801493441      4.88%     88.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          638197685      3.89%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5          455864614      2.78%     95.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6          408498469      2.49%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          207977824      1.27%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          117213142      0.71%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    16412449213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               97943271     77.12%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     77.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             12516553      9.85%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     86.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7656914      6.03%     93.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              4530694      3.57%     96.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           996642      0.78%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite         3363773      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         79713506      0.53%      0.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu          10242591912     67.86%     68.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             3972848      0.03%     68.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             14812628      0.10%     68.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         2178929328     14.44%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead          1222313620      8.10%     91.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite          599755828      3.97%     95.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      682245280      4.52%     99.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      68674474      0.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total           15093009424                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.918683                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  127007847                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008415                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       39696284442                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      17878303385                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  11228740843                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         7069932664                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        4870201572                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   3486608915                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses           11599295070                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses             3541008695                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104661293                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    825094555                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       628439                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       132989                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    167956400                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       116274                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6145299                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles             120802617                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles             9459922490                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles            156145069                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts        17379242088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          4024817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           2301525481                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           739737879                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           3979638                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents              19510862                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             52912597                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        132989                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      46200270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect    100822367                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts           147022637                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts          14847169505                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           1846828826                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        245839919                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                  2494480899                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches              1358961875                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                 647652073                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.903719                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                   14763026677                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                  14715349758                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers              10836183741                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers              18199222597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.895696                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.595420                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts     5369508052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          11120                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts        120752951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples  15641737673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.767821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.900099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0  12220565564     78.13%     78.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   1163429021      7.44%     85.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    368660266      2.36%     87.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    657211371      4.20%     92.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    239820953      1.53%     93.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    168227288      1.08%     94.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     86865959      0.56%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     79608320      0.51%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    657348931      4.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total  15641737673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts          6410677898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps           12010049360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                    2048212405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                   1476430926                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                       4124                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                1190104857                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                3116215106                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts               9711791233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls            89379220                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     33625623      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      7939026146     66.10%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        2756852      0.02%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        12789070      0.11%     66.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd    1973639264     16.43%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      906324294      7.55%     90.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     513801572      4.28%     94.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead    570106632      4.75%     99.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     57979907      0.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total      12010049360                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events            657348931                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                 32363946154                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                35537659019                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         161448                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       16510650                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 6410677898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                  12010049360                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.562749                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.562749                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.390206                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.390206                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads             16070799704                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes             9446307957                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads               6032755202                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes              3115413319                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads               6696674219                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes              3845257331                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads             5836746926                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements        136062411                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.948863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2046200717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        136063435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            15.038579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.948863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       9348392727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      9348392727                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data   1480891157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1480891157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data    565309043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     565309043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data   2046200200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2046200200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data   2046200200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2046200200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data    250270975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    250270975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      6611148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6611148                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data    256882123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total     256882123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data    256882123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total    256882123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14628926689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 14628926689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 172686012138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 172686012138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14801612701138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 14801612701138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14801612701138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 14801612701138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data   1731162132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1731162132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data    571920191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    571920191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data   2303082323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2303082323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data   2303082323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2303082323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.144568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011560                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.111538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.111538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58452.350254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58452.350254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26120.427517                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26120.427517                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57620.252154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57620.252154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57620.252154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57620.252154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     54039269                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          401                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          1647021                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.810310                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    66.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     21852249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         21852249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    120798268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total    120798268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        19918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    120818186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total    120818186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    120818186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total    120818186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    129472707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    129472707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6591230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6591230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    136063937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    136063937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    136063937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    136063937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 7282682210500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 7282682210500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164481492240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 164481492240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 7447163702740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 7447163702740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 7447163702740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 7447163702740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.074789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56248.783078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56248.783078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24954.597585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24954.597585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54732.825368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54732.825368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54732.825368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54732.825368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            97749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.314333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1723592104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            98772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         17450.209614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1023.314333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          865                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6894895808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      6894895808                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst   1723592528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1723592528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst   1723592528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1723592528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst   1723592528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1723592528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       106603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       106603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       106603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        106603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       106603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       106603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2044475499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2044475499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2044475499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2044475499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   2044475499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2044475499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst   1723699131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1723699131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst   1723699131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1723699131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst   1723699131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1723699131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19178.404914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19178.404914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19178.404914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19178.404914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 19178.404914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19178.404914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               46                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    85.826087                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        97749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            97749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         7318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         7318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         7318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        99285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        99285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        99285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1773191499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1773191499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1773191499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1773191499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1773191499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1773191499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17859.611210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17859.611210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17859.611210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17859.611210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 17859.611210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17859.611210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                  68708095                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 48940.268015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   203423862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  68757247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.958581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       17.778321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        57.964423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     48864.525294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          741                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        38765                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                3334940251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               3334940251                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     21852249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         21852249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        97691                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            97691                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              493                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  493                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           5618193                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               5618193                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          92679                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              92679                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data      61698343                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          61698343                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                92679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data             67316536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 67409215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               92679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data            67316536                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                67409215                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          973092                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              973092                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         6108                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6108                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data     67773807                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        67773807                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               6108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data           68746899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               68753007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              6108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data          68746899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              68753007                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       268500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       268500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  95595669500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   95595669500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    648215000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    648215000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 6418934097500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 6418934097500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    648215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 6514529767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     6515177982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    648215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 6514529767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    6515177982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     21852249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     21852249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        97691                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        97691                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          502                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              502                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       6591285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6591285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        98787                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          98787                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data    129472150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     129472150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst            98787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        136063435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            136162222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst           98787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       136063435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           136162222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017928                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.017928                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.147633                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.147633                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.061830                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.061830                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.523462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.523462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.061830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.505256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.504935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.061830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.505256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.504935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98239.086849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98239.086849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106125.573019                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106125.573019                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94711.133720                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94711.133720                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106125.573019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94761.070852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94762.080472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106125.573019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94761.070852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94762.080472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              3716542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   3716542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          805                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           805                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       973092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         973092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6107                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6107                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     67773806                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     67773806                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          6107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      68746898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          68753005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     68746898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         68753005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       178500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       178500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85864749500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  85864749500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    587112000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    587112000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 5741195981500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 5741195981500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    587112000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 5827060731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 5827647843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    587112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 5827060731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 5827647843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017928                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017928                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.147633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.061820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.523462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.061820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.504935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.061820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.505256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.504935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88239.086849                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88239.086849                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96137.547077                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96137.547077                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84711.134291                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84711.134291                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96137.547077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84761.071416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84762.081934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96137.547077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84761.071416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84762.081934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     137455434                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     68703002                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           67779912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3716541                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         64985880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            973091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           973091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      67779912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    206208437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    206208437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              206208437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   4638050816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   4638050816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              4638050816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          68753013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                68753013    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            68753013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy        174902763000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       371759722000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    272323382                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    136160178                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       143860                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           6620                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6613                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 8214479931000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         129571434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     25568791                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        97749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       179201715                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6591285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6591285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         99285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    129472150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       295820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    408190285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             408486105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12578240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  10106603776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            10119182016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        68708593                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 237890560                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        204871317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.027095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              204720828     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 150482      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          204871317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       158111689000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         149088175                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      204095430446                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
