
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 10.999461                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                10999460629000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10999460629000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  83505                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   156441                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              143279371                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1247296                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 76769.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6410586835                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12009897267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        1149632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data     7178767488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         7179917120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1149632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1149632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    603002688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       603002688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           17963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data       112168242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total           112186205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9421917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9421917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            104517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652647228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             652751745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       104517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           104517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        54821114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             54821114                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        54821114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           104517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652647228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            707572859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                   112186205                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9421917                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                 112186205                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9421917                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             7177643264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 2273856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               602888704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              7179917120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            603002688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  35529                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1756                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           6882873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           6890170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           6887217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           7190565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           7297939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           7180838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           7168540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           7025129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           7015727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           6984667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          6974860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          6953794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          6946064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          6945242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          6914036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          6893015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            571715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            587479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            590961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            644982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            578434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            589256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            595272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            592754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            596944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            597279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           588981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           588834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           576589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           570332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           578882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           571442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  10999460610500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6             112186205                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9421917                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                85562136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                24430285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1909563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  247976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  87257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  88612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 553397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 569279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 578278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 579796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 581138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 581726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 582230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 582387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 583116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 584901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 584018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 591642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 602620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 582786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 583000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     53336480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    145.876358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.852572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   143.130816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127     23124664     43.36%     43.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255     23016961     43.15%     86.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      5027215      9.43%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       907530      1.70%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       180188      0.34%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        98983      0.19%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        83452      0.16%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        86900      0.16%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       810587      1.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     53336480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       577480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     194.207017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.481419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1692.452543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383       577446     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-32767           21      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::49152-65535            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::65536-81919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::81920-98303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::98304-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        577480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       577480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.312489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.296683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.739717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           488169     84.53%     84.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1486      0.26%     84.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            85412     14.79%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1873      0.32%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              316      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              133      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               58      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               21      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                5      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                7      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        577480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 2673113679500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            4775938854500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               560753380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23835.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42585.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       652.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        54.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    652.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     54.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 60855455                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7378869                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 54.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      90450.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    56.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             191908270260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             102001645680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            403576154940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            24799452660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         837782593440.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1030373802090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          23415789600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    3305923674150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    283440966240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     189004627680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           6392293457310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            581.146083                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         8678767202000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19280584500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  354654448000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 690782042250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 738169792500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1946758346250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 7249815415500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             188914254060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             100410295920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            397179671700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            24373657260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         838233739200.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1018568378190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          23939013600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    3309329232060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    292283653920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     187550929860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           6380857030200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            580.106357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         8703281537250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20375287750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  354846140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 684795112250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 761145715250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1920957664000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 7257340709750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups             2264475684                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted       2264475684                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect        121888755                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups          1848708524                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS              160006117                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect          16988957                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups     1848708524                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits         883303273                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses       965405251                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted     64867973                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                 1864880490                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  650315808                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                     83127567                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                      2767791                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1748882634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                      3493516                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                 4934                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                     21998921259                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles        1820537764                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                   10892245390                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                 2264475684                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches        1043309390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                  19993624139                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles              246415336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                   1283427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles             1008194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     28025448                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3368                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1057                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines               1745392569                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes             26686592                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3882                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples       21967691065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.947741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.393498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0             18436174297     83.92%     83.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1               156181229      0.71%     84.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2               538245440      2.45%     87.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3               186377763      0.85%     87.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4               223448674      1.02%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5               264321641      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6               174319086      0.79%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7               142416783      0.65%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8              1846206152      8.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total         21967691065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.102936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.495126                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles              1225098865                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles          17877424559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles               2059153590                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles            682806383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles             123207668                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts           19131734399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles             123207668                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles              1502150781                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles            15171937007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      16006292                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles               2411371027                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles           2743018290                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts           18536999086                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents             74349691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents            1370103948                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents             178983742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents            1039185506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands        20845817496                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups          46346206886                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups     21814921202                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups       7170039387                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps          13494814781                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps              7351002715                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            997686                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts       1110959                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts               3499660958                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads          2328437272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores          743139539                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads         66738956                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores        31281277                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded               17526104261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           10493168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued              15195327650                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         40568533                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     5526700161                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   9286765383                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      10482048                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples  21967691065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.691713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.594863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0        17212134543     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1         1159024523      5.28%     83.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          956876777      4.36%     87.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          808051561      3.68%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          637097350      2.90%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5          459771259      2.09%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6          409326264      1.86%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          208078693      0.95%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          117330095      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    21967691065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               97621798     76.85%     76.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     76.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     76.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             12487816      9.83%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     86.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               8029049      6.32%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              4520057      3.56%     96.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           997337      0.79%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite         3367868      2.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         80602906      0.53%      0.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu          10326497968     67.96%     68.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             4069789      0.03%     68.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             14840859      0.10%     68.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         2180618756     14.35%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead          1234731634      8.13%     91.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite          601999592      3.96%     95.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      683113165      4.50%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      68852981      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total           15195327650                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.690731                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  127023925                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008359                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       45449101212                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      18181354814                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  11324887119                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         7076837611                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        4882012101                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   3489948941                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses           11697301280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses             3544447389                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104856817                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    852024073                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       612463                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       129581                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    171362219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       116790                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6761137                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles             123207668                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles            13780176835                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles            192836117                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts        17536597429                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          4402620                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           2328437272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           743139539                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           4067716                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents              20531424                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             77168795                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        129581                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      47224354                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect    102392004                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts           149616358                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts          14950067654                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           1860975750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        245259996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                  2510974248                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches              1366330998                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                 649998498                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.679582                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                   14862915741                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                  14814836060                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers              10901208012                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers              18289439869                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.673435                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.596038                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts     5527123941                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          11120                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts        123158739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples  21172603882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.567238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.665958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0  17741962711     83.80%     83.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   1170488653      5.53%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    369800275      1.75%     91.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    661159517      3.12%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    240908798      1.14%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    166738831      0.79%     96.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     86827728      0.41%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     79705154      0.38%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    655012215      3.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total  21172603882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts          6410586835                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps           12009897267                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                    2048190519                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                   1476413199                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                       4124                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                1190097102                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                3116146337                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts               9711694124                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls            89379220                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     33625386      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      7938964569     66.10%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        2756856      0.02%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        12789070      0.11%     66.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd    1973570867     16.43%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      906306714      7.55%     90.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     513797638      4.28%     94.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead    570106485      4.75%     99.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     57979682      0.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total      12009897267                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events            655012215                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                 38054612875                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                35876907942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         245592                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       31230194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 6410586835                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                  12009897267                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.431655                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.431655                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.291405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.291405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads             16171364424                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes             9532853383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads               6037395292                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes              3118123326                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads               6724334389                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes              3867424866                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads             5883062894                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements        136174993                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.961722                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2053317803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        136176017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            15.078410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.961722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       9401783941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      9401783941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data   1488006412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1488006412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data    565310731                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     565310731                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data   2053317143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2053317143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data   2053317143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2053317143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data    256480287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    256480287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      6604551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6604551                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data    263084838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total     263084838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data    263084838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total    263084838                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20334263350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 20334263350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 577872217359                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 577872217359                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20912135567359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 20912135567359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20912135567359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 20912135567359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data   1744486699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1744486699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data    571915282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    571915282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data   2316401981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2316401981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data   2316401981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2316401981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.147023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.147023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.113575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.113575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.113575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.113575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79281.973628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79281.973628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87496.064056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87496.064056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79488.182315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79488.182315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79488.182315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79488.182315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     67752562                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        39226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          1644176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            113                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    41.207609                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   347.132743                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11872360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         11872360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    126889070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total    126889070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        19114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    126908184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total    126908184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    126908184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total    126908184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    129591217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    129591217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6585437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6585437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    136176654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    136176654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    136176654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    136176654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10456854430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 10456854430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 569678660905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 569678660905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11026533090905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 11026533090905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11026533090905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 11026533090905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.074286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80691.073609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80691.073609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86505.825036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86505.825036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80972.272170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80972.272170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80972.272170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80972.272170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           103653                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.580203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1745277390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           104675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         16673.297253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.580203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          870                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6981675598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      6981675598                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst   1745277781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1745277781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst   1745277781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1745277781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst   1745277781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1745277781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       114786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       114786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       114786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        114786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       114786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       114786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3821065964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3821065964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3821065964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3821065964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3821065964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3821065964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst   1745392567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1745392567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst   1745392567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1745392567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst   1745392567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1745392567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 33288.606311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33288.606311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 33288.606311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33288.606311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 33288.606311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33288.606311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4070                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              106                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.396226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       103653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           103653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         9455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         9455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst         9455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       105331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       105331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       105331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       105331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       105331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       105331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3027133497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3027133497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3027133497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3027133497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3027133497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3027133497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28739.245778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28739.245778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28739.245778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28739.245778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28739.245778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28739.245778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                 112198239                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16375.010155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   160201435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                 112214623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.427634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       17.041414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         7.168461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16350.800281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                2291570983                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               2291570983                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     11872360                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         11872360                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       103573                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           103573                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              446                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  446                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            362755                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                362755                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst          86738                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              86738                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data      23645019                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          23645019                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                86738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data             24007774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 24094512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst               86738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data            24007774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                24094512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            191                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                191                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         6222470                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             6222470                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        17964                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            17964                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data    105945773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       105945773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              17964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data          112168243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total              112186207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             17964                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data         112168243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total             112186207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       415500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       415500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 555893456000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  555893456000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1956152500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1956152500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9999337141000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 9999337141000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1956152500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10555230597000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     10557186749500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1956152500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10555230597000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    10557186749500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     11872360                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     11872360                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       103573                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       103573                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          637                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              637                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       6585225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6585225                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       104702                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         104702                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data    129590792                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     129590792                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           104702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        136176017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            136280719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          104702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       136176017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           136280719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299843                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.299843                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.944914                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.944914                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.171573                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.171573                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817541                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.817541                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.171573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.823700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.823199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.171573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.823700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.823199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2175.392670                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2175.392670                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89336.462209                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89336.462209                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108892.924738                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108892.924738                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94381.652593                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94381.652593                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108892.924738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94101.773503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94104.141960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108892.924738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94101.773503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94104.141960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9421918                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9421918                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3308                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          3308                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           191                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6222469                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        6222469                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        17964                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        17964                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    105945773                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total    105945773                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         17964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     112168242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         112186206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        17964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    112168242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        112186206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3817000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3817000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 493668529000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 493668529000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1776522500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1776522500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 8939879411000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 8939879411000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1776522500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9433547940000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 9435324462500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1776522500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9433547940000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 9435324462500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299843                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299843                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.944914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.171573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.817541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.171573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.823700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.823199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.171573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.823700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.823199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19984.293194                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19984.293194                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79336.438478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79336.438478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98893.481407                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98893.481407                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84381.652593                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84381.652593                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98893.481407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84101.772229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84104.140776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98893.481407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84101.772229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84104.140776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     224351220                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    112169157                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          105963736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      9421917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        102742907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6222469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6222469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     105963736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    336537425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    336537425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              336537425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   7782919808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   7782919808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              7782919808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples         112186396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0               112186396    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total           112186396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy        298674478000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       604493029500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    272560631                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    136278670                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       262151                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          39816                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        38940                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          876                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10999460629000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         129696122                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     21294278                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       103653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       227078954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             637                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            637                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6585225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6585225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        105331                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    129590792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       313685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    408528301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             408841986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13334656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9475096128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             9488430784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                       112198868                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 603043008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        248480224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              248178247     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 301101      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                    876      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          248480224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       148256328500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         158007974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      204264403381                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
