
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2503844436500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12682037                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 23423990                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36295852                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332528                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   420.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5334521694                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9852974623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1256064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1256192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1041536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1041536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           19626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               19628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          82271284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              82279668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        68219855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             68219855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        68219855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         82271284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            150499522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       19628                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16274                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     19628                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16274                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1256192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1042432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1256192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1041536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267693500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 19628                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16274                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   17751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        25516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.073052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.756654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    54.047067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        18766     73.55%     73.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4599     18.02%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1204      4.72%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          604      2.37%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          218      0.85%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           78      0.31%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           27      0.11%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           12      0.05%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            5      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        25516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.682105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.541819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.427884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                1      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               23      2.42%      2.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               60      6.32%      8.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              104     10.95%     19.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              121     12.74%     32.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              159     16.74%     49.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              152     16.00%     65.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              127     13.37%     78.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               83      8.74%     87.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               49      5.16%     92.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               45      4.74%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26               13      1.37%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                8      0.84%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                2      0.21%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                2      0.21%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30                1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.145263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.113693                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.038740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              414     43.58%     43.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               23      2.42%     46.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              474     49.89%     95.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               39      4.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    555281250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               923306250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   98140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28290.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                47040.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        82.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        68.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     82.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     68.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6823                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3573                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 34.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     425260.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97503840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51813135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                75983880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               46170900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1212684720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            981326250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             29737920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4648142520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1055029440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         38215380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8236644045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            539.494229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13037257375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18403500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     513148000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     97020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2747490000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1697782000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10193500625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 84708960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 45020085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                64160040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               38852460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1223748240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1020219060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             31536960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4408196460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1211787840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         57083760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8185568835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            536.148840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12947664125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24114750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     518002000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    124534250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3155813750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1777563250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9667316125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13196352                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13196352                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1372691                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11036316                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1077463                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            193123                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11036316                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2620469                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8415847                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       903144                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6954734                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2394452                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        90376                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        21074                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6548652                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2752                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7388550                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56469127                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13196352                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3697932                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21754580                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2747696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        16049                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6545900                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               319142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.012988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.673003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12212557     40.00%     40.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  519360      1.70%     41.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  905140      2.96%     44.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1325627      4.34%     49.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  616171      2.02%     51.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1139640      3.73%     54.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  977473      3.20%     57.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  505950      1.66%     59.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12332087     40.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432176                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.849343                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5592396                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8433927                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13678334                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1455500                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1373848                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109755465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1373848                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6659381                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6987770                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        257646                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13854980                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1400380                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102650173                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                33736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                773644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                393243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115420756                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254749119                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140132624                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         18826972                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48459164                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                66961552                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             30690                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33376                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3383769                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9485913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3322616                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           161036                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          161889                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89066129                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             214140                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70960489                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           668584                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47418880                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68607681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        214032                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.323982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.589977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13302673     43.57%     43.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2230350      7.30%     50.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2775758      9.09%     59.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2317207      7.59%     67.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2357161      7.72%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2239248      7.33%     82.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2633316      8.62%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1624114      5.32%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1054178      3.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1436856     92.81%     92.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                80994      5.23%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5371      0.35%     98.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 3145      0.20%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            21320      1.38%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             515      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1785594      2.52%      2.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54062735     76.19%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3570      0.01%     78.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                76032      0.11%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4858920      6.85%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5216370      7.35%     93.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2600364      3.66%     96.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2355261      3.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1643      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70960489                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.323930                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1548201                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021818                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         159851613                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119251174                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60134936                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           14820151                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17448225                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6592887                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63306547                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7416549                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          218264                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5729193                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          290                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1599049                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3402                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           16                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1373848                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6145934                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                11710                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89280269                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50754                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9485913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3322616                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             87814                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5942                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3825                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           290                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        410462                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1314806                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1725268                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67924522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6920061                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3035963                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9313908                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6264043                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2393847                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.224503                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67290382                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66727823                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49430148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87850857                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.185312                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.562660                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47419130                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1373689                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23302623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.796423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.417021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10792313     46.31%     46.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3025256     12.98%     59.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3419527     14.67%     73.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1877138      8.06%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       957145      4.11%     86.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       776924      3.33%     89.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       327343      1.40%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       327429      1.41%     92.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1799548      7.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23302623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19071287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41861369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5480284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3756718                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4369912                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3103707                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39220486                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              376504                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       696413      1.66%      1.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33295724     79.54%     81.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           2284      0.01%     81.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           49438      0.12%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2337226      5.58%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3000532      7.17%     94.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1723566      4.12%     98.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       756186      1.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41861369                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1799548                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110783574                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185932074                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             98                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            684                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19071287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41861369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.601082                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.601082                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.624578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.624578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87123396                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51395943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10430122                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6203148                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36328706                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17981287                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22170170                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            23803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             653664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            23803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.461412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33522715                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33522715                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6613228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6613228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1713248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1713248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8326476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8326476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8326476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8326476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        37762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        37762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        48252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         48252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        48252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        48252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2695877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2695877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    981280000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    981280000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3677157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3677157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3677157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3677157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6650990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6650990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1723738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1723738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8374728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8374728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8374728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8374728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71391.266352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71391.266352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93544.327931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93544.327931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76207.348918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76207.348918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76207.348918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76207.348918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          125                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        23891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        24431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        24431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        24431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        24431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1081614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1081614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    927812000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    927812000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2009426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2009426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2009426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2009426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005772                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005772                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77976.641915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77976.641915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93247.437186                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93247.437186                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84355.232778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84355.232778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84355.232778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84355.232778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.658256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             112558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           108.962246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.658256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26184652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26184652                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6544800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6544800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6544800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6544800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6544800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6544800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13949500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13949500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13949500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13949500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13949500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13949500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6545900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6545900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6545900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6545900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6545900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6545900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12681.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12681.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12681.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12681.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12681.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12681.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1033                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1033                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12634500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12634500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12634500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12634500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12634500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12634500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12009.980989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12009.980989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12009.980989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12009.980989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12009.980989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12009.980989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     19632                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     19632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.209861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       14.229195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        19.560989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     49118.209816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11983                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        35771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    615372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   615372                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17539                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17539                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1033                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1033                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               100                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   100                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1031                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1031                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          4077                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4077                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 4177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                4177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5208                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9792                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9792                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              19626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  19628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             19626                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 19628                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    911792000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     911792000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       193000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1017249000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1017249000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1929041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1929234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1929041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1929234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17539                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17539                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1033                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1033                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9934                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9934                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1033                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1033                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13869                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13869                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            23803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                24836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           23803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               24836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989934                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.989934                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001936                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001936                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.706035                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.706035                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.824518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.790304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.824518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.790304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92718.324181                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92718.324181                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103885.723039                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103885.723039                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98290.074391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98289.891991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98290.074391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98289.891991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9792                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9792                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         19626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             19628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            19628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    813452000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    813452000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       173000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    919329000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    919329000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1732781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1732954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1732781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1732954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.706035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.824518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.790304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.824518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.790304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82718.324181                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82718.324181                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93885.723039                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93885.723039                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88290.074391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88289.891991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88290.074391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88289.891991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         39256                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19630                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        58884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        58884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  58884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2297728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2297728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2297728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             19628                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   19628    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               19628                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy           109312000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          106550000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        49709                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        24836                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           82                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              4                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        33813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1033                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              18                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             18                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9934                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9934                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 74563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       132224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2645888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2778112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           19651                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1042752                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            44505                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001932                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.043917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  44419     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     86      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              44505                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           43426500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1578000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          35713999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
