
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1282456906500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               11211668                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 20577250                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60406565                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2332064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   252.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2833671811                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5200758276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         907136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             907136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       863040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          863040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          59416752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              59416752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        56528496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             56528496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        56528496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         59416752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            115945248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14174                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13485                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14174                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13485                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 907136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  863872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  907136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               863040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267276000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 14174                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13485                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    295.136000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.091278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   293.122309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2442     40.70%     40.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          794     13.23%     53.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          562      9.37%     63.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1436     23.93%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           38      0.63%     87.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           63      1.05%     88.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      0.70%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           78      1.30%     90.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          545      9.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.865691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.260772                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     11.600395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           738     98.14%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31             9      1.20%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39             1      0.13%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             1      0.13%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.27%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.949468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.946596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.309804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18      2.39%      2.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.27%      2.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              732     97.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    341183500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               606946000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   70870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24071.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42821.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        59.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        56.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     59.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     56.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10268                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11403                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     551982.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 16100700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8553930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                48180720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               33893460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         997560720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            482053560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             50403360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3134357040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       986128320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1265374740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7022725560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            459.983446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14078621625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     83170750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     423642000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4637045375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2568190500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     681791000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6873504500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 26746440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 14216070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                53021640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               36566100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1264929120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            813440730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             55330080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3757992330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1383579840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        530573340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7936675170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            519.846484                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13338592375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     91342000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     536982000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1494481250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3602940250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1300427750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8241170875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5262682                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5262682                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           112317                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3638990                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 731974                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               205                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3638990                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2518856                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1120134                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          636                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    8929885                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2093804                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          525                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6296649                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6351819                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      46610068                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5262682                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3250830                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24070449                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 224842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6296649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                57056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.666562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.375280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                16741973     54.83%     54.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  744237      2.44%     57.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1664504      5.45%     62.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  648876      2.13%     64.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  959444      3.14%     67.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1537095      5.03%     73.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  565684      1.85%     74.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  897588      2.94%     77.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6775288     22.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.172351                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.526463                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4166323                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             15670238                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6287283                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4298424                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                112421                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              77802947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                112421                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5861795                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5672756                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles            60                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8832712                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10054945                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              77292770                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               194498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               8993916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           83144849                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            183607928                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        60344393                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         75503260                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70343598                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                12801254                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                18                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            19                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 23087523                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9534514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2097105                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           424557                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          133818                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  76585473                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 13                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70797518                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               96                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10848583                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     15616029                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.318593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.959301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            6360128     20.83%     20.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6097046     19.97%     40.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5643432     18.48%     59.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4854225     15.90%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2963734      9.71%     84.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1978990      6.48%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1639788      5.37%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             716449      2.35%     99.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             280897      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    595      0.54%      0.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               108379     99.27%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   201      0.18%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6304      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36842758     52.04%     52.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     52.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     52.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           22945967     32.41%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1957626      2.77%     87.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1468934      2.07%     89.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        6950442      9.82%     99.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        625487      0.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70797518                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.318593                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     109181                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001542                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97489382                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37617679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33409236                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           74749617                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          49816494                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     37171220                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33471390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               37429005                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          418403                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1438311                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5395                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                112421                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3306846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               111505                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           76585486                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9534514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2097105                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                13                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 98265                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  103                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         59461                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53065                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              112526                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             70593503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8903660                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           204012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    10997464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4707429                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2093804                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.311912                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      70586304                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     70580456                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 52536491                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 92435486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.311484                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.568358                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       10848583                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           112317                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29146217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.255418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.861050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10921283     37.47%     37.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7517784     25.79%     63.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1054621      3.62%     66.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2907512      9.98%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1142452      3.92%     80.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216592      0.74%     81.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       420753      1.44%     82.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       511697      1.76%     84.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4453523     15.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29146217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            37021358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65736911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10187915                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8096204                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4597419                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  33986940                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 40815405                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              625395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5971      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        34171760     51.98%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      21371265     32.51%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1943314      2.96%     87.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1466312      2.23%     89.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6152890      9.36%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       625399      0.95%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65736911                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4453523                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   101278188                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  154559485                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   37021358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65736911                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.824786                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.824786                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.212436                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.212436                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                56126816                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               28580755                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 64782159                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                33319003                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 20565993                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                13393976                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               24154376                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1091433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            76.618673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          664                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         42425825                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        42425825                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8496866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8496866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2091711                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2091711                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10588577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10588577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10588577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10588577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        14318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        14318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        14318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1373173500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1373173500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1373173500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1373173500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1373173500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1373173500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8511184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2091711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2091711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10602895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10602895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10602895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10602895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95905.398799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95905.398799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95905.398799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95905.398799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95905.398799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95905.398799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13406                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13406                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1353007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1353007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1353007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1353007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1353007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1353007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94981.186381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94981.186381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94981.186381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94981.186381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94981.186381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94981.186381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25186596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25186596                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6296649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6296649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6296649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6296649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6296649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6296649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6296649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6296649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6296649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6296649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6296649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6296649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14174                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        49152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       14986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.057288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks               1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst                1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            49150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        39846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    356054                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   356054                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            13406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            71                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                71                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           14174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1330893500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1330893500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1330893500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1330893500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1330893500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1330893500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14245                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14245                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                14245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               14245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995016                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995016                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.995016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.995016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.995016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.995016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93896.818118                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93896.818118                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93896.818118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93896.818118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93896.818118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93896.818118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13485                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13485                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14174                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        14174                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1189153500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1189153500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1189153500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1189153500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1189153500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1189153500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.995016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83896.818118                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83896.818118                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83896.818118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83896.818118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83896.818118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83896.818118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28349                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14175                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13485                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        42523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        42523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  42523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1770176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1770176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1770176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             14174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   14174    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               14174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            85836500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           75483000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        28490                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14245                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 42735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1769664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1769664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14174                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    863040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            28419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  28419    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              28419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           27651000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          21367500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
