
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 10.991857                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                10991856883000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10991856883000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  81675                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   153015                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              140047293                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1246608                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 78486.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6410436085                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12009618130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        1179520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data     7159294208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         7160473728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1179520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1179520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    602947584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       602947584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst           18430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data       111863972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total           111882402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       9421056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            9421056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            107309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         651327095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             651434403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       107309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           107309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        54854024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             54854024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        54854024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           107309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        651327095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            706288427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                   111882402                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    9421056                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                 111882402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  9421056                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             7158271232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 2202496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               602830464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys              7160473728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            602947584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  34414                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1811                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           7147869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           6980994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           6984956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           6963523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           6958564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           6929477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           6902964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           6954748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           6909330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           6868904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          6858973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          6873853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          6883226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          7175979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          7289731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          7164897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            596543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            595073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            597420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            596048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            587715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            587215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            572219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            570832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            577921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            569116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           570217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           589027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           593732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           640597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           582958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           592593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  10991856744000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6             111882402                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              9421056                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                85543714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                24207292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1843706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  252422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                      87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  86735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  88023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 521371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 553514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 569362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 578202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 579973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 581167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 581933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 582419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 582548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 583164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 585002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 584204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 591077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 602092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 582876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 583214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     53277790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    145.672353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.691125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   143.097694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127     23160007     43.47%     43.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255     22977654     43.13%     86.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      4986774      9.36%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       896599      1.68%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       176713      0.33%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        98098      0.18%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        85384      0.16%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        86246      0.16%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       810315      1.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     53277790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       577501                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     193.675833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.467806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1704.677071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383       577463     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-32767           27      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::49152-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::65536-81919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::98304-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        577501                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       577501                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.310320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.294594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.737864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           488868     84.65%     84.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1385      0.24%     84.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            84867     14.70%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1795      0.31%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              353      0.06%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              150      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               52      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               19      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                9      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        577501                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 2667456130250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            4764605905250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               559239940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23848.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42598.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       651.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        54.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    651.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     54.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 60612601                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7376814                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 54.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      90614.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    56.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy             189897225000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy             100932757365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            398576898300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            24549999300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         838576093680.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1023214767390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          23965564320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    3296113767240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    296308976160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     188662890840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           6380868146025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            580.508663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         8685443181000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20519093500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  355001880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 685442596500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 771656396750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1930892680750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 7228344235500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy             190506259860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy             101256455685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            400017736020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            24618360420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         836600640720.000122                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1025179939860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          23563495200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    3295500409050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    289438416960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     191808159060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           6378552701775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            580.298012                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         8682149624750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19570531250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  354158434000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 701431558000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 753760476000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1935978293000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 7226957590750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups             2249326764                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted       2249326764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect        124123186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups          1812459627                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS              159480476                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect          18993761                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups     1812459627                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits         868980504                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses       943479123                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted     63396076                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                 1874349991                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  657597640                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                     83882265                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                      2800695                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 1733414496                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                      4351852                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                 4933                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                     21983713767                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles        1806845831                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                   10888514749                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                 2249326764                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches        1028460980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                  19972806584                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles              252670898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                   1457471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles             1481000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     35993949                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2895                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          824                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines               1729066294                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes             26869683                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3800                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples       21944924003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.948506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.395781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0             18424990262     83.96%     83.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1               155229579      0.71%     84.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2               524683558      2.39%     87.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3               187368191      0.85%     87.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4               220410134      1.00%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5               264782794      1.21%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6               176779435      0.81%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7               143476563      0.65%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8              1847203487      8.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total         21944924003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.102318                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.495299                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles              1224393248                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles          17860778641                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles               2052365447                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles            681051218                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles             126335449                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts           19113224691                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles             126335449                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles              1501973854                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles            15023881847                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      11018865                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles               2402402977                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles           2879311011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts           18505885205                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents            101171896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents            1389233906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents             321123967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents            1036333569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands        20773642364                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups          46199580136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups     21805902214                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups       7172501476                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps          13494501888                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps              7279140476                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            883807                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        912917                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts               3498283684                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads          2319477759                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores          756595415                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads         66008144                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores        31074810                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded               17493248372                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded           10449763                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued              15213544361                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         41676469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     5494080004                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   9054292227                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      10438644                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples  21944924003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.693260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.597593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0        17185962432     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1         1163543784      5.30%     83.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2          954213589      4.35%     87.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3          810216075      3.69%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4          630553346      2.87%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5          460538181      2.10%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6          413144005      1.88%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          206863873      0.94%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          119888718      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    21944924003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu               96753847     75.51%     75.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             12612674      9.84%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     85.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               8717008      6.80%     92.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite              5316413      4.15%     96.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead           997171      0.78%     97.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite         3744509      2.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         81795770      0.54%      0.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu          10325038553     67.87%     68.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult             4091218      0.03%     68.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             14799976      0.10%     68.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         2180448935     14.33%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead          1243173866      8.17%     91.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite          610051102      4.01%     95.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      683784641      4.49%     99.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite      70360300      0.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total           15213544361                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.692037                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                  128141622                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008423                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       45460404210                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      18114960188                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses  11332968173                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         7081426606                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        4882889539                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   3490903542                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses           11713020174                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses             3546870039                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102925221                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    843099362                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       586058                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        89977                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    184831665                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       115756                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6747631                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles             126335449                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles            13444258633                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles            214929435                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts        17503698135                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          4816546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts           2319477759                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts           756595415                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           4024010                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents              20348425                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            101309697                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         89977                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      48857695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect    104559629                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts           153417324                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts          14963045270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts           1870637505                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        250499091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                  2528048592                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches              1370464840                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                 657411087                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.680642                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                   14875581257                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                  14823871715                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers              10887165730                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers              18273948156                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.674312                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.595775                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts     5494829968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          11119                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts        126287817                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples  21148890036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.567860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.666643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0  17717657077     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1   1171694766      5.54%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    368652841      1.74%     91.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    662431344      3.13%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    239650973      1.13%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5    167233888      0.79%     96.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     85605526      0.40%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     82791806      0.39%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    653171815      3.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total  21148890036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts          6410436085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps           12009618130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                    2048142147                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                   1476378397                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                       4124                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                1190071456                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                3116083247                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts               9711466428                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls            89378524                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass     33624430      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu      7938797480     66.10%     66.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        2756631      0.02%     66.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        12789063      0.11%     66.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd    1973508379     16.43%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      906272482      7.55%     90.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     513783468      4.28%     94.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead    570105915      4.75%     99.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite     57980282      0.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total      12009618130                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events            653171815                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                 38000166319                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                35813051273                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         303668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       38789764                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 6410436085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                  12009618130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.429363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.429363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.291599                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.291599                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads             16256050592                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes             9533470080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads               6036059140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes              3117349160                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads               6728071410                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes              3873815698                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads             5886988287                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements        135604351                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.962567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2066998709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        135605375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            15.242749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1023.962567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       9444143671                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      9444143671                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data   1501699402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1501699402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data    565298443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     565298443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data   2066997845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2066997845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data   2066997845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2066997845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data    253533460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    253533460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      6603269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6603269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data    260136729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total     260136729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data    260136729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total    260136729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20136069831500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 20136069831500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 578848145506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 578848145506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20714917977006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 20714917977006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20714917977006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 20714917977006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data   1755232862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1755232862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data    571901712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    571901712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data   2327134574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2327134574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data   2327134574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2327134574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.144444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.111784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.111784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.111784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.111784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79421.745088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79421.745088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87660.845788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87660.845788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79630.885099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79630.885099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79630.885099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79630.885099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     67511674                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        10302                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          1620823                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    41.652712                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     11824412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         11824412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    124511630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total    124511630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        18919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    124530549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total    124530549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data    124530549                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total    124530549                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    129021830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    129021830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6584350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6584350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    135606180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    135606180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    135606180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    135606180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10425268493500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 10425268493500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 570688797545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 570688797545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10995957291045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 10995957291045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10995957291045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 10995957291045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.073507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011513                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011513                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80802.361069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80802.361069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86673.520931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86673.520931                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81087.434887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81087.434887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81087.434887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81087.434887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           123412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.445125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1728929379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           124435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         13894.236983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.445125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          880                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6916390415                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      6916390415                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst   1728929674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1728929674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst   1728929674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1728929674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst   1728929674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1728929674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       136616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       136616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       136616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        136616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       136616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       136616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3845944466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3845944466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3845944466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3845944466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3845944466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3845944466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst   1729066290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1729066290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst   1729066290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1729066290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst   1729066290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1729066290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28151.493720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28151.493720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28151.493720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28151.493720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 28151.493720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28151.493720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5872                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          169                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    48.528926                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          169                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       123412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           123412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        11360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        11360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        11360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       125256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       125256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       125256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       125256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       125256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       125256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3259197495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3259197495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3259197495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3259197495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   3259197495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3259197495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 26020.290405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26020.290405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 26020.290405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26020.290405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 26020.290405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26020.290405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                 111897021                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16375.030926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   159414349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                 111913405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.424444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       17.115371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         7.340063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16350.575492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                2282565405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               2282565405                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     11824412                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         11824412                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       123351                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           123351                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              378                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  378                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            361691                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                361691                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         106154                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             106154                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data      23379709                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          23379709                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               106154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data             23741400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 23847554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              106154                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data            23741400                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                23847554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            427                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                427                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         6222421                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             6222421                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        18431                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            18431                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data    105641554                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       105641554                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              18431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data          111863975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total              111882406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             18431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data         111863975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total             111882406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       596500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       596500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 557030651500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  557030651500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1954330500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1954330500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9971484847000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 9971484847000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1954330500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10528515498500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     10530469829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1954330500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10528515498500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    10530469829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     11824412                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     11824412                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       123351                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       123351                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          805                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              805                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       6584112                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6584112                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       124585                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         124585                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data    129021263                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     129021263                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           124585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        135605375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            135729960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          124585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       135605375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           135729960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.530435                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.530435                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.945066                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.945066                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.147939                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.147939                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.818792                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.818792                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.147939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.824923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.824301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.147939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.824923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.824301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1396.955504                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1396.955504                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89519.923435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89519.923435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106034.968260                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106034.968260                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94389.797096                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94389.797096                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106034.968260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94118.910923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94120.873920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106034.968260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94118.910923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94120.873920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              9421057                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   9421057                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         3336                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          3336                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          427                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           427                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      6222420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        6222420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        18431                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        18431                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    105641553                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total    105641553                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         18431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data     111863973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         111882404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        18431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data    111863973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        111882404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8554000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8554000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 494806318000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 494806318000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1770030001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1770030001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 8915069262508                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 8915069262508                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1770030001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9409875580508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 9411645610509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1770030001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 9409875580508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 9411645610509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.530435                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530435                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.945066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.147939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.818792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.818792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.147939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.824923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.824301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.147939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.824923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.824301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20032.786885                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20032.786885                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79519.916367                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79519.916367                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96035.483750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96035.483750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84389.797474                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84389.797474                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96035.483750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84118.910925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84120.874007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96035.483750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84118.910925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84120.874007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     223743422                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    111865586                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          105659983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      9421056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        102439536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6222419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6222419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     105659983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    335625824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    335625824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              335625824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   7763421312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   7763421312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              7763421312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples         111882830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0               111882830    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total           111882830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy        298117817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       602906506750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    271459199                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    135727791                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       130596                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          43812                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        42299                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1513                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 10991856883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         129146518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     21245469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       123412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       226255903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6584112                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6584112                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        125256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    129021263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       373252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    406816711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             407189963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15871744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   9435506368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             9451378112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                       111897692                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 602990592                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        247628457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000710                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.026873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              247454042     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 172902      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   1513      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          247628457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       147677423500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         187888987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      203408517894                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
