
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6717631415000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              143324552                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                266462352                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              375453777                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    40.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5828105885                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10835346136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12472192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12472192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        24064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           24064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         816919557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             816919557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1576175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1576175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1576175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        816919557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            818495732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194879                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194879                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12468288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   22528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12472256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                24064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     62                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267350500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194879                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.325481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.430496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.167911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41882     43.03%     43.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44623     45.85%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9421      9.68%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1263      1.30%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          120      0.12%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8570.590909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8375.848907                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1894.806452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     13.64%     13.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.55%     18.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     13.64%     31.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     13.64%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     13.64%     59.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     13.64%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.55%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.55%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      9.09%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.55%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4741224250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8394043000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  974085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24336.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43086.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       816.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    816.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97533                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     304                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78191.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345019080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183385785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               691180560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 636840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1628753340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24444000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5170310400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       112688640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9361727685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.186394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11630512125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9456000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    293103250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3117516000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11337408875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349931400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185992950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               699812820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1200600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1646922660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24472320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5166034260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       100960800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9380636850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.424930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11591432625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9492000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    262908250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3155697250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11329386625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1107103                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1107103                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            40793                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              859405                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  28966                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              3782                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         859405                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            482647                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          376758                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14660                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     571389                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      38613                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       136481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          613                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     938684                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1478                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            957968                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3214526                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1107103                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            511613                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29505646                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  82522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        13225                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   937206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5114                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30518706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.211721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.158602                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29241071     95.81%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   14054      0.05%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  480219      1.57%     97.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19396      0.06%     97.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   97478      0.32%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   42980      0.14%     97.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   74314      0.24%     98.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   15487      0.05%     98.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  533707      1.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30518706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.036257                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.105275                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  439622                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29221744                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   550060                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               266019                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 41261                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5426879                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 41261                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  515190                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28191391                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          7855                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   673868                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1089141                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5228842                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                36882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                945680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 82040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6255757                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             14585977                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         6844509                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29082                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2692217                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3563497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1724561                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              931603                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              55568                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3948                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3579                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   4984372                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3144                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3727201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5577                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2751859                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5767359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30518706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.122128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.623631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28881124     94.63%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             711769      2.33%     96.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             357034      1.17%     98.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             239055      0.78%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             190745      0.63%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              57763      0.19%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              49518      0.16%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18288      0.06%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              13410      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30518706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8652     68.07%     68.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  836      6.58%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2887     22.71%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  207      1.63%     98.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              109      0.86%     99.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              20      0.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10408      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3062545     82.17%     82.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 789      0.02%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8273      0.22%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11300      0.30%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              590197     15.83%     98.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              41364      1.11%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2273      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            52      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3727201                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.122064                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      12711                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003410                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          37963014                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          7715336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3595748                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              28382                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24042                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        12596                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3714910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14594                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        31951                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           30                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1156                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 41261                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26771630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               222366                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            4987516                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               931603                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               55568                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1150                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 10677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                23469                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         21871                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        24137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               46008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3671394                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               571198                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            55807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      609806                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  477450                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     38608                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.120237                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3618903                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3608344                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2554747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4232779                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.118172                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.603563                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2752115                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            41260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30134269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.074188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.491981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29135570     96.69%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       459080      1.52%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121218      0.40%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       316953      1.05%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38516      0.13%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20862      0.07%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4250      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3206      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34614      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30134269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1120179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2235603                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        438815                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       415210                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    401231                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10054                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2225747                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2942      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1777936     79.53%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            167      0.01%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7259      0.32%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8484      0.38%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         413640     18.50%     98.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         23605      1.06%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1570      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2235603                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                34614                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35087373                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   10361134                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            125                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          15983                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1120179                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2235603                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.258759                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.258759                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036685                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036685                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3828310                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3098892                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    21901                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10901                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2563542                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1079427                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1942398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           221833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             202640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           221833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.913480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2572861                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2572861                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       180921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         180921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        22734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       203655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          203655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       203655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         203655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       383231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       383231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          871                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          871                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       384102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        384102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       384102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       384102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33198227500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33198227500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31738999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31738999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33229966499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33229966499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33229966499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33229966499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       564152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       564152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        23605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       587757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       587757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       587757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       587757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.679305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.653505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.653505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.653505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.653505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86627.197434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86627.197434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36439.723307                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36439.723307                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86513.390972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86513.390972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86513.390972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86513.390972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13884                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           61                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              710                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.554930                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           61                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2232                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2232                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       162263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       162263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       162268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       162268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       162268                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       162268                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       220968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       221834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       221834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19066689500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19066689500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30487499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30487499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19097176999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19097176999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19097176999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19097176999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.391682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036687                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.377425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.377425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86287.107183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86287.107183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35204.964203                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35204.964203                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86087.691693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86087.691693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86087.691693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86087.691693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3748824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3748824                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       937206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         937206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       937206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          937206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       937206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         937206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       937206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       937206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       937206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       937206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       937206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       937206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194879                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      245639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.260469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.998943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.001057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3741495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3741495                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2232                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2232                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               643                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   643                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         26312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             26312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                26955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    26955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               26955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   26955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             223                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 223                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194656                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194656                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194879                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194879                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22138000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      22138000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18434278000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18434278000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18456416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18456416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18456416000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18456416000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2232                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2232                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       220968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        220968                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           221834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               221834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          221834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              221834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.257506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.257506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.880924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.878490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.878490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.878490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.878490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99273.542601                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99273.542601                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94701.822703                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94701.822703                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94707.054121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94707.054121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94707.054121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94707.054121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  376                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       376                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194656                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194656                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19908000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19908000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16487728000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16487728000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16507636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16507636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16507636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16507636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.257506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.878490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.878490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.878490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.878490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89273.542601                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89273.542601                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84701.874075                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84701.874075                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84707.105435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84707.105435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84707.105435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84707.105435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        389750                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194878                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194495                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       584628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       584628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 584628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12496256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12496256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12496256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194879    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           462260500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1053332250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       443667                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       221833                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          589                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            220967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          414104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       220968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       665500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                665500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14340160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14340160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194879                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     24064                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           416713                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037823                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 416116     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    597      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             416713                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          224065500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         332749500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
