
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4274856355000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               91913533                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                170437759                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              249193493                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    61.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5631265455                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10442211673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12337536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12337536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        36288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           36288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         808099686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             808099686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2376838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2376838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2376838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        808099686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            810476524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192772                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        567                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192772                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      567                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12331776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   35968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12337408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                36288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267229500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192772                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  567                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.554756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.734285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.556523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43545     44.56%     44.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43534     44.54%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9286      9.50%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1195      1.22%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          126      0.13%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5488.942857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5338.363009                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1249.698974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.86%      2.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.86%      5.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      5.71%     11.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      8.57%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      5.71%     25.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            5     14.29%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            5     14.29%     54.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      5.71%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            3      8.57%     68.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.86%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            3      8.57%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            3      8.57%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.86%     91.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      2.86%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            2      5.71%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.057143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.053934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.338062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               34     97.14%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4747453000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8360278000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  963420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24638.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43388.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       807.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    808.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95022                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     493                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78966.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345854460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183829800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               683098080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 261000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1610630190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24420480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5198680440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       104083200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9356166690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.822153                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11672088500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9352500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    271225250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3075961375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11400945000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                351944880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187066935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               692665680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2672640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1633708350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24352320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5187634980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        94018560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9379373385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.342174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11621558625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9084000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    244978500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3126567750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11376853875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1658061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1658061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            80776                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1277265                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  64615                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11205                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1277265                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            680604                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          596661                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        27249                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     821458                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      73295                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       152243                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1219                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1321806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9502                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1356447                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5035709                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1658061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            745219                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28924984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 168158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        81867                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1312304                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9432                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30452915                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.334027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.459597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28543342     93.73%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22147      0.07%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  619181      2.03%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   37459      0.12%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  134171      0.44%     96.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   96041      0.32%     96.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   94372      0.31%     97.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   33514      0.11%     97.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  872688      2.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30452915                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054301                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.164918                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  707895                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28401317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   941175                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               318449                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 84079                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8306469                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 84079                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  811129                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26919107                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19894                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1077060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1541646                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7930263                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               130308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1029974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                474175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9434485                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21779787                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10597691                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            52911                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3216050                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6218435                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               302                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           380                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2024864                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1387245                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             105262                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5624                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5988                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7480283                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6080                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5457290                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8085                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4805785                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9290651                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6080                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30452915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.179204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.784881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28285404     92.88%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             829104      2.72%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             453219      1.49%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             312548      1.03%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             312046      1.02%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             110208      0.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              91855      0.30%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              34498      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24033      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30452915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14404     66.26%     66.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1601      7.36%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5301     24.38%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  314      1.44%     99.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              108      0.50%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              11      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            25195      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4456787     81.67%     82.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1514      0.03%     82.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13155      0.24%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20060      0.37%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              858910     15.74%     98.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              78537      1.44%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3108      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            24      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5457290                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.178724                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      21739                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003983                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41348891                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12248655                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5204754                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              48428                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             43496                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21513                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5428921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  24913                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6099                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       896892                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          203                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        67093                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           57                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1375                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 84079                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24278596                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               309704                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7486363                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1387245                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              105262                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2229                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18764                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               113094                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         43417                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        50801                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               94218                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5344551                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               821141                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           112739                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      894419                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  627967                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     73278                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.175032                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5250213                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5226267                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3834988                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6128725                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.171158                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.625740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4806814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            84078                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29752500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.090096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.564714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28620739     96.20%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       511734      1.72%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       127584      0.43%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       329827      1.11%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63610      0.21%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34199      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7076      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5543      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        52188      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29752500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1342497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2680579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        528522                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       490353                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    467420                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15244                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2665185                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6725                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4574      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2123149     79.20%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            269      0.01%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11033      0.41%     79.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13032      0.49%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         488141     18.21%     98.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         38169      1.42%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2212      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2680579                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                52188                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37187705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15677285                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            639                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          81774                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1342497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2680579                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.744698                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.744698                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043966                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043966                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5603277                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4532386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    38477                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19202                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3257872                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1469844                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2738774                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           244929                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             405719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           244929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.656476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          689                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3636169                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3636169                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       371344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         371344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        37160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         37160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       408504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          408504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       408504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         408504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       438297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       438297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       439306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        439306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       439306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       439306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34811727500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34811727500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47063000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47063000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34858790500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34858790500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34858790500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34858790500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       809641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       809641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        38169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       847810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       847810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       847810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       847810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.541347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.541347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.518166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.518166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.518166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.518166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79424.973249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79424.973249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46643.211100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46643.211100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79349.679950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79349.679950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79349.679950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79349.679950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26416                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1007                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.232373                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       243927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       244928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       244928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19205328000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19205328000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45524000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45524000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19250852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19250852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19250852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19250852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.301278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026225                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026225                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78733.916295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78733.916295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45478.521479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45478.521479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78598.004311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78598.004311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78598.004311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78598.004311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5249216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5249216                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1312304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1312304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1312304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1312304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1312304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1312304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1312304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1312304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1312304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1312304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1312304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1312304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192781                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      288947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.498835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.865638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.134362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4109621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4109621                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         51517                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             51517                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                52155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    52155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               52155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   52155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37021000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      37021000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18269559500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18269559500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18306580500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18306580500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18306580500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18306580500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       243927                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        243927                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           244928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               244928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          244928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              244928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362637                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.362637                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.788802                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.788802                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.787060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.787060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.787060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.787060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101986.225895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101986.225895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94951.195364                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94951.195364                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94964.442635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94964.442635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94964.442635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94964.442635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  567                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       567                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192410                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192410                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33391000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33391000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16345449500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16345449500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16378840500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16378840500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16378840500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16378840500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.788802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.788802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.787060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.787060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.787060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.787060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91986.225895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91986.225895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84951.143392                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84951.143392                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84964.390760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84964.390760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84964.390760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84964.390760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        385538                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192775                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       578312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       578312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 578312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12373824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12373824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12373824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192772    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192772                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           454903000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1042671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       489857                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       244929                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          520                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            243928                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          434863                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       243927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       734786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                734786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15821376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15821376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192781                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     36288                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 437171     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    533      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          247208500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         367393500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
