
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2610715845375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               34283310                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 63397833                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               96308721                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   158.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5434762653                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10050143781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        4173824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            4175744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1882432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1882432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           65216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               65246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         29413                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              29413                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            125759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         273382454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             273508212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       125759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           125759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       123297935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            123297935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       123297935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           125759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        273382454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            396806147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       65246                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      29413                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     65246                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    29413                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                4175680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1881984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 4175744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1882432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              4091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              4157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              4316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              4350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             4359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             4248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             4304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             4214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             4159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267204500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 65246                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                29413                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   58815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    6292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        18215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    332.648916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.754567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   352.921640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7675     42.14%     42.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2616     14.36%     56.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2294     12.59%     69.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1246      6.84%     75.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          571      3.13%     79.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          305      1.67%     80.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          325      1.78%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          332      1.82%     84.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2851     15.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        18215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      38.798847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.866677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    184.170410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          1700     97.98%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.23%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            8      0.46%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.17%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.17%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.17%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.06%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.12%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.06%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.12%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.06%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.06%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            6      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.948703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.913161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.107913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              973     56.08%     56.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               13      0.75%     56.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              617     35.56%     92.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              129      7.44%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1053568250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2276912000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  326225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16147.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34897.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       273.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       123.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    273.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    123.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    51833                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   24603                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     161286.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    80.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 65095380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 34599015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               222760860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               76368600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1140157200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            975656460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             37123200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4698251220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       594178560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        310391760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8154751845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            534.130349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13030869500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29573500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     482600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1180176500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1547652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1724152000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10303190125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 64959720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 34526910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               243088440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               77130720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1144459680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            983483700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             39297120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4882102440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       502922880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        254691900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8226732630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            538.845038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13006129000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29672750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     484312000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    992028000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1309848375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1745167750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10706315250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                8156891                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          8156891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           577995                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6442873                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 732143                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            104453                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6442873                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2978361                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         3464512                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       292968                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4882415                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1784902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       360017                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        17793                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    5546875                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8434                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    8                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           5885089                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      31831189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    8156891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3710504                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24010624                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1161856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        53640                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5538442                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               146255                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30532739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.098937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.226552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                19970859     65.41%     65.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  318289      1.04%     66.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1450596      4.75%     71.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  583833      1.91%     73.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  728609      2.39%     75.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  657259      2.15%     77.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  649779      2.13%     79.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  372197      1.22%     81.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 5801318     19.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30532739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.267135                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.042460                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4281660                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             17040677                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  7492261                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1137213                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                580928                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              58219173                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                580928                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 4865742                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                9788686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        125269                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  7890898                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              7281216                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              55451953                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                88325                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1850839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               2083995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               3404324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           66187007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            145328486                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        82552232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          1376624                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             33254561                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                32932528                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              3472                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          4429                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4888172                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             6934454                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2242961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            66989                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           72374                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  50362809                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              94410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 41229241                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           117121                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       23391612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39860012                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         94372                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30532739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.350329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.128065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           18847931     61.73%     61.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2393159      7.84%     69.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2158003      7.07%     76.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1608443      5.27%     81.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1794919      5.88%     87.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1403069      4.60%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1238515      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             640964      2.10%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             447736      1.47%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30532739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 333842     80.48%     80.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     80.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     80.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                42724     10.30%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     90.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 26402      6.36%     97.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 6921      1.67%     98.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4792      1.16%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             133      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           284513      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             32895299     79.79%     80.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               19896      0.05%     80.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               417881      1.01%     81.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             534214      1.30%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5105867     12.38%     95.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1828040      4.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         109662      0.27%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         33869      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              41229241                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.350243                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     414814                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.010061                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         112111927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         72776659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     38625577                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            1411223                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           1072232                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       629089                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              40634146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 725396                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          202995                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3792070                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5373                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       753998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          335                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                580928                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                7347079                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1181188                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           50457219                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            26447                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6934454                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2242961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             33700                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 34859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               948007                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        259440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       461102                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              720542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             40044958                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4872223                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1184277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     6656968                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4208558                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1784745                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.311458                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      39561814                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     39254666                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 29208945                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 51062550                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.285576                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.572023                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       23392482                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             38                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           580892                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27052004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.000505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.038076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19028975     70.34%     70.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2447013      9.05%     79.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1194083      4.41%     83.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1720561      6.36%     90.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       496015      1.83%     92.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       568556      2.10%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       189867      0.70%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       152722      0.56%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1254212      4.64%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27052004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            13815647                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              27065654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4631373                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3142399                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3199672                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    552158                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 26542229                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              227318                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       156339      0.58%      0.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        21446584     79.24%     79.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           9005      0.03%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          379565      1.40%     81.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        442788      1.64%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3066655     11.33%     94.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1455350      5.38%     99.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        75744      0.28%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        33624      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         27065654                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1254212                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    76255928                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  104431925                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             86                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1949                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   13815647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     27065654                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.210153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.210153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.452457                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.452457                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                54226891                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               33644221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  1072597                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  519678                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 22803112                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                12927871                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               16561526                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           542242                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2506331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           542242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.622163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24873982                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24873982                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3688692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3688692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1451278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1451278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      5139970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5139970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      5139970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5139970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       905269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       905269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        37696                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        37696                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       942965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        942965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       942965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       942965                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15526002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15526002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3314426999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3314426999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18840428999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18840428999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18840428999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18840428999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4593961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4593961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1488974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1488974                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      6082935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6082935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      6082935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6082935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.197056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.197056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025317                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.155018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.155018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.155018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17150.705481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17150.705481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87925.164447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87925.164447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19979.987591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19979.987591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19979.987591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19979.987591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6450                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.801724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       505270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           505270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       400640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       400640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       400721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       400721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       400721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       400721                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       504629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       504629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        37615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       542244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       542244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       542244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       542244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8267333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8267333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3269351499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3269351499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11536684499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11536684499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11536684499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11536684499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025262                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025262                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16382.992258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16382.992258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86916.163738                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86916.163738                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21275.817711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21275.817711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21275.817711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21275.817711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               36                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.089030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1511670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               36                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         41990.833333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.089030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1012                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22153804                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22153804                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5538401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5538401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5538401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         5538401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5538401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        5538401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5538442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5538442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5538442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      5538442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5538442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      5538442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112536.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112536.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112536.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112536.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112536.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112536.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 117444.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117444.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 117444.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117444.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 117444.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117444.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     65287                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       65393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     65287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.001624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.704317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         9.197243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16363.098439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   8741663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  8741663                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       505270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           505270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           36                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               36                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              6                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  6                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        476972                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            476972                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               477027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   477033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              477027                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  477033                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           37562                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37562                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               30                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        27654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           27654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              65216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  65246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             65216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 65246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3212477500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3212477500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4108500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      4108500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2384885000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2384885000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4108500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5597362500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5601471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4108500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5597362500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5601471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       505270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       505270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           36                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           36                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         37617                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             37617                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             36                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       504626                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        504626                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           542243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               542279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          542243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              542279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998538                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998538                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054801                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.054801                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.120271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.120318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.120271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.120318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85524.665886                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85524.665886                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       136950                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       136950                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86240.146091                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86240.146091                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       136950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85828.055999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85851.561782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       136950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85828.055999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85851.561782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                29413                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     29413                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        37562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        27654                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        27654                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         65216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             65246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        65216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            65246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2836857500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2836857500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3808500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3808500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2108335000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2108335000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3808500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4945192500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4949001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3808500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4945192500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4949001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.120318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.120318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75524.665886                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75524.665886                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       126950                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       126950                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76239.784480                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76239.784480                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       126950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75827.902662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75851.408515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       126950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75827.902662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75851.408515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        130478                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        65235                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            35818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         27684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       195725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       195725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 195725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6058240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      6058240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6058240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             65247                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   65247    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               65247                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           254428000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          346709750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1084558                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       542281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           20                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             65                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           61                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            504661                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       534683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           36                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           72846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            37617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           37617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            36                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       504626                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1626729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1626837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     67040768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               67045376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           65287                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1882432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           607567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000151                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.012828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 607479     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     84      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             607567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1047585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             54000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         813363500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
