
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3954242128375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              120918718                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                224134980                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              329500464                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5602744818                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10385251832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12326016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12326080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        38912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           38912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           608                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                608                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         807345135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             807349327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2548708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2548708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2548708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        807345135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            809898035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192594                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        608                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192594                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      608                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12320768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   38912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12326016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                38912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     82                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267365000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192594                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  608                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.504178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.484307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.933003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42734     44.08%     44.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43489     44.86%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9320      9.61%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1249      1.29%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          105      0.11%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5076.947368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4918.313572                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1237.682030                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.63%      2.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.63%      5.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.63%      7.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      7.89%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.63%     18.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4     10.53%     28.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      5.26%     34.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      2.63%     36.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      2.63%     39.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      5.26%     44.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4     10.53%     55.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      7.89%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      5.26%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      5.26%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            4     10.53%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      5.26%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            3      7.89%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               38    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4756263000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8365863000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  962560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24706.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43456.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       807.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    807.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95650                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     532                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79022.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                340320960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                180888675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               676372200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2009700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1594096200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24476640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5215859100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       103484160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9342816675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.947736                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11708317000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9468500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    269669250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3039698625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11438647750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                351809220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186991035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               698163480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1164060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1639439700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24472320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5186456790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        90064320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9383869965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.636697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11608779250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9228000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    234519000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3139298250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11374438875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1578913                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1578913                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            68471                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1114852                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  52847                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8083                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1114852                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            667120                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          447732                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        21086                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     758871                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      66958                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       151640                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1037                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1317898                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4844                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1349155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4699619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1578913                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            719967                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29011480                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 139954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        43859                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1313054                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8361                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30478461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.310440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.405289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28666845     94.06%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   18775      0.06%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  637221      2.09%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   31304      0.10%     96.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  127521      0.42%     96.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   68902      0.23%     96.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   88469      0.29%     97.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26198      0.09%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  813226      2.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30478461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.051709                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.153911                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  672534                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28545628                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   879080                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               311242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 69977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7788491                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 69977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  767304                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27182680                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16017                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1018202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1424281                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7462651                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                84573                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1029530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                355954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8898276                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20694088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9906025                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            52426                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3295461                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5602815                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               257                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           325                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1978440                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1320705                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              93732                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6205                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5541                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7071902                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4853                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5116713                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6481                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4329886                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8953156                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4853                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30478461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.167880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.755293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28416090     93.23%     93.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             800976      2.63%     95.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             436138      1.43%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             296951      0.97%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             299709      0.98%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              94386      0.31%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              80530      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              30786      0.10%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22895      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30478461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13802     71.25%     71.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1521      7.85%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3502     18.08%     97.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  289      1.49%     98.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              235      1.21%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              21      0.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18723      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4200288     82.09%     82.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1110      0.02%     82.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14044      0.27%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              18966      0.37%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              787789     15.40%     98.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              71405      1.40%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4330      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            58      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5116713                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.167571                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19370                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40688930                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11361887                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4905378                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              48808                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             44756                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20872                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5092227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  25133                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       822729                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          167                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        51708                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           60                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1009                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 69977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25183883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               294967                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7076755                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1320705                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               93732                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16331                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                92865                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38236                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        39733                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               77969                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5026261                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               758547                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            90452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      825487                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  596576                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     66940                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.164608                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4944136                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4926250                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3613808                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5790684                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.161333                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624073                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4330721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            69976                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29864108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.091979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.574022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28712185     96.14%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       518858      1.74%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       130700      0.44%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       335461      1.12%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62653      0.21%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34942      0.12%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6919      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5728      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        56662      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29864108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1375685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2746869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        540000                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       497976                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    474937                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     16720                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2729946                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7400                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5035      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2175086     79.18%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            296      0.01%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           12148      0.44%     79.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         14304      0.52%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         495560     18.04%     98.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         42024      1.53%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2416      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2746869                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                56662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36885036                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14771344                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            422                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          56227                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1375685                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2746869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.195988                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.195988                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.045053                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.045053                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5201355                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4273197                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    36820                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   18373                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3161965                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1377470                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2597510                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           244958                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             357160                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           244958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.458046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3402574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3402574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       314828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         314828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        40977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         40977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       355805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          355805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       355805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         355805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       432552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       432552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1047                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1047                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       433599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        433599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       433599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       433599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34429333000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34429333000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51014000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51014000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34480347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34480347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34480347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34480347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       747380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       747380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        42024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        42024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       789404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       789404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       789404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       789404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.578758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.578758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.549274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.549274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.549274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.549274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79595.824317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79595.824317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48723.973257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48723.973257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79521.278877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79521.278877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79521.278877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79521.278877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19612                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              770                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.470130                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2387                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2387                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       188637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       188637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       188642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       188642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       188642                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       188642                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       243915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       244957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       244957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19202006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19202006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49577500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49577500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19251583500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19251583500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19251583500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19251583500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024795                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024795                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.310306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.310306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78724.170305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78724.170305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47579.174664                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47579.174664                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78591.685479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78591.685479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78591.685479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78591.685479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5252217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5252217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1313053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1313053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1313053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1313053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1313053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1313053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       100500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       100500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       100500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1313054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1313054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1313054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1313054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1313054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1313054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192603                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      287759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.494053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.914948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.037576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.047476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4109707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4109707                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2387                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2387                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               627                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   627                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         51737                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             51737                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                52364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    52364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               52364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   52364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192178                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192178                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192593                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41166000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      41166000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        98000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18262955500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18262955500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18304121500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18304219500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18304121500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18304219500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2387                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2387                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1042                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1042                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       243915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        243915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           244957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               244958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          244957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              244958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.398273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.398273                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.787889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.787889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.786232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.786233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.786232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.786233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99195.180723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99195.180723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95031.457815                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95031.457815                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95040.429818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95040.445185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95040.429818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95040.445185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  608                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       608                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          415                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            415                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192178                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192178                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37016000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37016000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        88000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16341165500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16341165500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16378181500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16378269500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16378181500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16378269500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.398273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.787889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.786232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.786233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.786232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.786233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89195.180723                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89195.180723                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85031.405780                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85031.405780                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85040.377895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85040.393263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85040.377895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85040.393263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        385185                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192595                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           191983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       577780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       577780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 577780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12364992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12364992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12364992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192594                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192594    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192594                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           454884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1041255250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       489917                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       244960                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          522                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            243917                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2995                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          434566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       243915                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       734873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                734876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15830080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15830208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192603                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     38912                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437561                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001232                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 437022     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    539      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437561                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          247346500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         367437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
