
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2351170995250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               18920854                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 34651295                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56560541                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   269.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5107291461                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9353397719                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1301952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1302016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1161472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1161472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           20343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               20344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         18148                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              18148                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          85276915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              85281106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        76075576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             76075576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        76075576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         85276915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            161356683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       20344                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      18148                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     20344                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    18148                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1301632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1161024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1302016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1161472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267270000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 20344                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                18148                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   18925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.495572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.279434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.932147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        19655     72.23%     72.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5397     19.83%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1227      4.51%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          588      2.16%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          209      0.77%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           67      0.25%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           36      0.13%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           14      0.05%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639           17      0.06%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-831            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.326046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.230525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.935980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13                1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                1      0.10%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               64      6.08%      6.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              124     11.79%     18.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              176     16.73%     34.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              219     20.82%     55.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              201     19.11%     74.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              127     12.07%     86.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               77      7.32%     94.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               40      3.80%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               14      1.33%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                5      0.48%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                2      0.19%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.244297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.213030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.033325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              412     39.16%     39.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               23      2.19%     41.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              565     53.71%     95.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               52      4.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    543854750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               925192250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  101690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26740.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45490.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        85.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        76.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     85.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     76.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     7329                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3938                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 36.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     396634.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98903280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52568340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                72835140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               47569860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1211455440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1051134720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             29044800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4666810590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1001553120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         19982280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8251857570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            540.490704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12885317750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     15823000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     512586000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     44144250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2608246000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1852678625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10233866250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 95390400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 50704995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                72378180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               47126160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1218831120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1038160950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             31767840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4679831100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       987249120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         36031620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8257899165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            540.886424                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12906794125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     23849750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515784000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     73250500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2570972250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1820419750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10263067875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13211319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13211319                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1381328                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11110541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1095692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            198787                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11110541                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2626859                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8483682                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       904967                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6971561                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2491893                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        87789                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        19382                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6571377                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2727                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7416142                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56578605                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13211319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3722551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21718964                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2764998                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15205                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6568650                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               320387                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.011568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.673716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12227629     40.05%     40.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  528143      1.73%     41.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  873070      2.86%     44.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1332159      4.36%     49.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  630763      2.07%     51.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1126080      3.69%     54.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  968806      3.17%     57.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  525931      1.72%     59.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12321242     40.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432666                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.852929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5629399                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8359521                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13764043                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1398361                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1382499                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109854112                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1382499                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6682352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7013191                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        249504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13899619                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1306658                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102698834                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                38533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                635453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                443931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115276937                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254496153                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140689640                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         18253069                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48316935                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                66960015                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             30356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         32950                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3042311                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9502889                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3458546                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           172589                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          182080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88981712                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             226460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71003031                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           677069                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47370711                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68260324                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        226351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.325389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.601454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13429389     43.98%     43.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2170416      7.11%     51.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2686760      8.80%     59.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2294750      7.52%     67.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2349901      7.70%     75.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2237420      7.33%     82.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2636779      8.64%     91.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1659797      5.44%     96.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1068611      3.50%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1456523     92.81%     92.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                84076      5.36%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4745      0.30%     98.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2520      0.16%     98.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            21174      1.35%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             400      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1765785      2.49%      2.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54096071     76.19%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3400      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                81054      0.11%     78.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4749071      6.69%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5321037      7.49%     92.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2708445      3.81%     96.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2276916      3.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1252      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71003031                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.325324                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1569438                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.022104                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         160342482                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119632274                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60310233                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           14443916                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          16946871                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6415684                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63575185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7231499                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          233300                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5735203                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4043                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          296                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1651232                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           18                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1382499                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6127533                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89208172                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            51290                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9502889                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3458546                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             91868                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5876                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2189                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           296                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        422794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1316600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1739394                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67928257                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6938014                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3074780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9429360                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6277986                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2491346                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.224626                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67288643                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66725917                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49216668                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87140936                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.185250                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.564794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47370927                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1382328                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23321115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.793974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.432195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10962230     47.01%     47.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2950188     12.65%     59.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3307364     14.18%     73.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1874011      8.04%     81.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       982206      4.21%     86.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       748237      3.21%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       331832      1.42%     90.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       330857      1.42%     92.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1834190      7.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23321115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19155831                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41837469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5575000                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3767686                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4383189                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   2989831                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39264168                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              381170                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       684885      1.64%      1.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33258623     79.49%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1435      0.00%     81.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           53326      0.13%     81.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2264200      5.41%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3053558      7.30%     93.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1807314      4.32%     98.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       714128      1.71%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41837469                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1834190                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110695321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185767669                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            107                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            865                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19155831                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41837469                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.594015                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.594015                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.627347                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.627347                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87440744                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51474787                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10140595                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6038675                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35944141                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17954661                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22317348                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            23133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             548225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            23133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.698829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33869389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33869389                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6623924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6623924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1795835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1795835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8419759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8419759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8419759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8419759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        30228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        11577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        41805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         41805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        41805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        41805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2206397500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2206397500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1079292000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1079292000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3285689500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3285689500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3285689500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3285689500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6654152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6654152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1807412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1807412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8461564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8461564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8461564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8461564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72991.845309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72991.845309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93227.260948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93227.260948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78595.610573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78595.610573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78595.610573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78595.610573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            18820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1011254500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011254500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1021013500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1021013500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2032268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2032268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83203.430969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83203.430969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92836.288416                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92836.288416                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87779.371113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87779.371113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87779.371113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87779.371113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1003                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.884700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             120417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           120.056830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.884700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26275623                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26275623                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6567597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6567597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6567597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6567597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6567597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6567597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13370500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13370500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13370500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13370500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13370500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13370500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6568650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6568650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6568650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6568650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6568650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6568650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12697.530864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12697.530864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12697.530864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12697.530864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12697.530864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12697.530864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12183500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12183500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12183500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12183500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12183500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12183500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11909.579668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11909.579668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11909.579668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11909.579668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11909.579668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11909.579668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     20346                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       22213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     20346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.091763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       15.571965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        15.988110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16352.439926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    406442                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   406442                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        18820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            18820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1003                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1003                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1002                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1002                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2687                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2687                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1002                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           10878                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10878                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              20343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  20344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             20343                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 20344                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1003011500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1003011500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    964228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    964228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1967239500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1967329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1967239500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1967329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        18820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1003                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1003                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10981                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10981                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        12152                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         12152                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            23133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                24136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           23133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               24136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990620                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.990620                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000997                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000997                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.778884                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.778884                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.879393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.842890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.879393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.842890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92205.506527                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92205.506527                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101873.005811                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101873.005811                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96703.509807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96703.155722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96703.509807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96703.155722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                18148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     18148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10878                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          10878                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9465                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9465                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         20343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             20344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            20344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       382500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       382500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    894231500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    894231500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    869578000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    869578000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1763809500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1763809500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.778884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.842890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.842890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20131.578947                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20131.578947                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82205.506527                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82205.506527                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91873.005811                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91873.005811                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86703.509807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86703.155722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86703.509807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86703.155722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         40705                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20363                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        18148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        61049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        61049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  61049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2463488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2463488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2463488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             20363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   20363    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               20363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           118283500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          110409250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        48311                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        24136                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           68                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              5                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             13175                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        36968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6511                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              19                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             19                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1023                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        69437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 72466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       128384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2684992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2813376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           20366                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1162752                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            44521                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001640                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.040460                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  44448     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     73      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              44521                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           43978500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1534500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          34709000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
