
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9939041025375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              138300348                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                257875879                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              348075278                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    43.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6066152325                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11310996240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12812160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12812160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          200190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              200190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         839187215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             839187215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1219859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1219859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1219859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        839187215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            840407074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      200189                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        291                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    200189                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      291                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12810048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12812096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267346500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                200189                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  291                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.620597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.977650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.576459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40123     41.16%     41.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45469     46.65%     87.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10217     10.48%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1469      1.51%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          160      0.16%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11034.555556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10790.441821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2419.398253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2     11.11%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2     11.11%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     16.67%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2     11.11%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.56%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.56%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4750825250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8503769000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1000785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23735.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42485.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       839.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    839.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102727                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     252                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76153.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346032960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183928470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               711643800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 130500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1641804630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24765600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5123516250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       140782560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9377913810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.246573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11602755250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10182000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    366612000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3144539500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11236150625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349874280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185966385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               717477180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1372860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1654589160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24405600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5097231270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       152511360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9388737135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.955493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11575477250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    397177250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3172313750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11178705125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1451828                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1451828                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            56050                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1133296                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  34354                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5099                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1133296                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            629229                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          504067                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        15785                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     657303                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      35743                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       137728                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          640                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1231365                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4103                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1255150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4139821                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1451828                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            663583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29134449                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 114990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        37885                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1227262                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5140                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30488480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.272882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.314701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28854472     94.64%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   15379      0.05%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  625625      2.05%     96.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19104      0.06%     96.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  118532      0.39%     97.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   50861      0.17%     97.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   75691      0.25%     97.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17277      0.06%     97.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  711539      2.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30488480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047547                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.135578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  602808                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28780259                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   760394                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               287524                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 57495                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6767526                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 57495                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  682311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27564304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          6409                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   892283                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1285678                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6505889                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                68494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                982686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                265831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7768353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18231611                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8438952                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            27099                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2695240                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5073174                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               177                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1866215                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1203403                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              52979                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3676                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6220376                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3155                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4369210                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3573                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3973602                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8548261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3155                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30488480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.143307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.681681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28649455     93.97%     93.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             746220      2.45%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             394594      1.29%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             261183      0.86%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             275769      0.90%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              68165      0.22%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              60055      0.20%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18290      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14749      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30488480                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7140     65.88%     65.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  763      7.04%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2600     23.99%     96.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  163      1.50%     98.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              118      1.09%     99.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              54      0.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            12461      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3617606     82.80%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 806      0.02%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6270      0.14%     83.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9554      0.22%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              681917     15.61%     99.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              38378      0.88%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2006      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           212      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4369210                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.143090                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10838                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002481                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39216613                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10172677                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4207002                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              24698                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24462                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10502                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4354864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12723                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       768960                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        34711                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           12                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1212                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 57495                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25880386                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               267057                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6223531                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3556                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1203403                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               52979                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16173                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                67596                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32279                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30333                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               62612                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4303511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               657149                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            65699                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      692884                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  511519                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     35735                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.140938                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4228840                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4217504                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3114231                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4865433                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.138122                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.640073                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3974308                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            57494                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29935078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.075162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.495304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28931579     96.65%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       473023      1.58%     98.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106992      0.36%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       302643      1.01%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55142      0.18%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26679      0.09%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3938      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3204      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31878      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29935078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1125944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2249979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        452716                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       434448                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    412087                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7332                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2242593                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3225                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2190      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1783403     79.26%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            129      0.01%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5277      0.23%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6264      0.28%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         433380     19.26%     99.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18268      0.81%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1068      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2249979                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                31878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36127487                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13002904                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            364                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          46208                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1125944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2249979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.119189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.119189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036874                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036874                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4148062                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3673179                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18785                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9329                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2702695                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1130978                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2297378                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           230287                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             257437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           230287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.117896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2908907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2908907                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       240947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         240947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       258456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          258456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       258456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         258456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       410440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       410440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       411199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        411199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       411199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       411199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35000354500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35000354500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26040497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26040497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35026394997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35026394997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35026394997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35026394997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       651387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       651387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       669655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       669655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       669655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       669655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.630102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.630102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.614046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.614046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.614046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.614046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85275.203440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85275.203440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34308.955204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34308.955204                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85181.128838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85181.128838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85181.128838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85181.128838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              852                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.191315                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       229529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       230288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       230288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19497547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19497547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25281497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25281497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19522828497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19522828497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19522828497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19522828497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041548                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041548                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.343891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.343891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84945.897904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84945.897904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33308.955204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33308.955204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84775.709099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84775.709099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84775.709099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84775.709099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4909048                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4909048                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1227262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1227262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1227262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1227262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1227262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1227262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1227262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1227262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1227262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1227262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1227262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1227262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    200193                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      251334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    200193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.255458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.954678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.045322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3882497                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3882497                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         29520                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             29520                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                30099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    30099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               30099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   30099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             180                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 180                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       200009                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          200009                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             200189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 200189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            200189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                200189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17781500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17781500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18817684500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18817684500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18835466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18835466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18835466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18835466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           759                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               759                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       229529                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        229529                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           230288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               230288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          230288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              230288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.237154                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.237154                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.871389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.871389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.869298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.869298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.869298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.869298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98786.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98786.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94084.188712                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94084.188712                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94088.416446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94088.416446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94088.416446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94088.416446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200009                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       200009                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        200189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            200189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           200189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15981500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15981500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16817604500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16817604500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16833586000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16833586000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16833586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16833586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.237154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.871389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.869298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.869298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.869298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.869298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88786.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88786.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84084.238709                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84084.238709                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84088.466399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84088.466399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84088.466399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84088.466399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        400367                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       200188                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             200008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        200009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       600555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       600555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 600555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12830656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12830656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12830656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            200189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  200189    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              200189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           471700500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1080504250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       460575                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       230287                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          528                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            229528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          428256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       229529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       690862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                690862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14862080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14862080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          200193                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18624                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           430481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001261                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035494                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 429938     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    543      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             430481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          232220500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         345430500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
