
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10931418393500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               78265221                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                146549979                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              187906359                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    81.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6359026613                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11907146164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       25813184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           25813632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     23091776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        23091776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          403331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              403338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        360809                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             360809                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             29344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1690744886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1690774230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        29344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            29344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1512494630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1512494630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1512494630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            29344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1690744886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3203268859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      403340                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     360809                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    403340                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   360809                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               25813120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                23091136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                25813760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             23091776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             25570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             24985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             25126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             25187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             25355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             25339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             24732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             24841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             25088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             24790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            25026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            25156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            25494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            25479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            25766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            25396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             22888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             22336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             22532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             22535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             22210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             22174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             22415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            22415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            22510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            22812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            22804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            22992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            22746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267306000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                403340                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               360809                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  118783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   90717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   51460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  12570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  19079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  23239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  23688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  24098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  24312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  24434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  24550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  24887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  24684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  27277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  32498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  24225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       389932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.418709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.773941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   157.227495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       291955     74.87%     74.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        48546     12.45%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21689      5.56%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10014      2.57%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6577      1.69%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4144      1.06%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1928      0.49%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1629      0.42%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3450      0.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       389932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.891802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.753374                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.261400                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9                 4      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10                2      0.01%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11                2      0.01%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12               13      0.06%      0.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13              145      0.64%      0.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14              603      2.68%      3.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15             1992      8.84%     12.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16             4015     17.81%     30.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17             4090     18.14%     48.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18             3532     15.67%     63.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19             3102     13.76%     77.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20             2237      9.92%     87.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21             1301      5.77%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              733      3.25%     96.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23              400      1.77%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24              196      0.87%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               97      0.43%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26               50      0.22%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27               16      0.07%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                7      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30                1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::31                1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.005545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.005229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.105376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            22465     99.65%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               46      0.20%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               18      0.08%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  16328899250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             23891336750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2016650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     40485.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.98                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                59234.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1690.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1512.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1690.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1512.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        25.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    13.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   11.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.77                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   305857                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   68335                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 75.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                18.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      19979.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1390986240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                739307745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1436103900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              939245040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1134625440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           4437542910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             35477280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1886320950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       109441920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        255178920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            12364230345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            809.848147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           5443413500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     16946250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     480068000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1021827500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    284943750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    9326916375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4136642250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1393163940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                740484195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1443672300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              944151840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1133396160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           4449063750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             35135040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1882619940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        99019200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        256721040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            12377427405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            810.712545                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           5419262375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     16859750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     479380500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1032854625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    257773000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    9351841500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4128634750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1078458                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1078458                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              582                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              908401                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    119                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         908401                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            363206                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          545195                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          276                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2401374                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     892983                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        85462                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           74                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     560245                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            560785                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4945888                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1078458                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            363325                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29972500                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   1244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           39                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   560245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  170                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.288636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.360601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28978288     94.91%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   86643      0.28%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  118686      0.39%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  153822      0.50%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  246400      0.81%     96.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   82928      0.27%     97.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  128835      0.42%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   52276      0.17%     97.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  686068      2.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.035319                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.161976                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  269508                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29150461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   440700                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               672655                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   622                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8801489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   622                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  517839                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22018561                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           881                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   800381                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              7195662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8798230                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2739084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               5815377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10267847                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23985289                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13273371                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               98                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             10226491                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   41318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 7                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             7                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4017144                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1663909                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             894449                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           435974                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           91474                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8792982                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                127                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9522486                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              213                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          30832                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        45724                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.311866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.079672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27042867     88.57%     88.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1305367      4.28%     92.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             664016      2.17%     95.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             498366      1.63%     96.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             375007      1.23%     97.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             285225      0.93%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             150697      0.49%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             135554      0.44%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              76847      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   5017      1.82%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                145386     52.73%     54.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               125338     45.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              248      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6227310     65.40%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 44      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2401679     25.22%     90.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             893205      9.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               9522486                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.311858                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     275741                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028957                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          49854774                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8823852                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8780375                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 98                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               130                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           49                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               9797930                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     49                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          159696                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         4923                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3634                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       850656                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   622                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               16722299                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4345164                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8793109                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1663909                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              894449                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                47                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 88315                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4175263                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           209                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          563                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                 772                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9521223                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2401370                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1263                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3294350                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1074043                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    892980                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.311817                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8780722                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8780424                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6156391                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11258231                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.287556                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.546835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          30840                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts              582                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30529484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.287009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28628458     93.77%     93.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       362332      1.19%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       226741      0.74%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       405457      1.33%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66683      0.22%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21750      0.07%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        73673      0.24%     97.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        42581      0.14%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       701809      2.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30529484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             4917581                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               8762244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2549787                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1658976                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1072798                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  8762228                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           14      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         6212443     70.90%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1658976     18.93%     89.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        890811     10.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          8762244                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               701809                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38620759                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17590712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              7                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            743                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4917581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8762244                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              6.209291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        6.209291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.161049                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.161049                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                14720099                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6813333                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       80                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                      49                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5983679                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3432112                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5444434                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           439839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1308663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           439839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.975323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         10010371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        10010371                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       640907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         640907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       890803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        890803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1531710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1531710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1531710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1531710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       860915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       860915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       860923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        860923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       860923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       860923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78109344500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78109344500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       810498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       810498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78110154998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78110154998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78110154998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78110154998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1501822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1501822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       890811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       890811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2392633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2392633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2392633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2392633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.573247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.573247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.359822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.359822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90728.288507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90728.288507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101312.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101312.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90728.386857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90728.386857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90728.386857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90728.386857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     14645156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           239432                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    61.166243                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       394765                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           394765                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       421082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       421082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       421082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       421082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       421082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       421082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       439833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       439833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       439841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       439841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       439841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       439841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45790859500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45790859500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       802498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       802498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45791661998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45791661998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45791661998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45791661998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.183831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.183831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104109.649572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104109.649572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100312.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100312.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104109.580503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104109.580503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104109.580503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104109.580503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1030066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                7                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         147152.285714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2240987                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2240987                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       560236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         560236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       560236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          560236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       560236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         560236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1487000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1487000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       560245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       560245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       560245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       560245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       560245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       560245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 165222.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165222.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 165222.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165222.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 165222.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165222.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 183857.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183857.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 183857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 183857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    403345                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      472428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    403345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.171275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.226559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.260227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.513214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2708                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        13117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7440857                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7440857                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       394765                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           394765                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         36507                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36507                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                36508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               36508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       403326                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          403326                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             403333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 403340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            403333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                403340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       778000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        778000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1275000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1275000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44675176000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  44675176000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44675954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      44677229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44675954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     44677229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       394765                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       394765                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       439833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        439833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           439841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               439848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          439841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              439848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.916998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.916998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.916997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.916999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.916997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.916999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111142.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111142.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 182142.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182142.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110766.913117                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110766.913117                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 182142.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110766.919642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110768.158378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 182142.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110766.919642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110768.158378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               360809                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    360809                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403326                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       403326                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        403333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            403340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           403340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       708000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       708000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1205000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1205000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40641936000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40641936000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40642644000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40643849000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40642644000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40643849000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.916998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.916997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.916999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.916997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.916999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101142.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101142.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 172142.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172142.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100766.962705                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100766.962705                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 172142.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100766.969229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100768.207964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 172142.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100766.969229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100768.207964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        806678                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       403338                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             403331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       360809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            42529                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        403333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1210016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1210016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1210016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     48905408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     48905408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                48905408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            403340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  403340    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              403340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          2313128000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization              15.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2112473500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       879694                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       439846                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            7                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            439838                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       755574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           87610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       439833                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1319519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1319540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     53414656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               53415552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          403345                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  23091776                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           843193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000020                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 843176    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     17      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             843193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          834619000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         659758500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
