
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10412328693250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67509223                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                126057656                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              167483747                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    91.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6153947090                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11491056714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10038080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10062912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9978048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9978048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1626478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657486981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             659113459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1626478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1626478                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       653554929                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            653554929                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       653554929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1626478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657486981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1312668388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157233                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155907                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157233                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155907                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10062912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9977216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10062912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9978048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266005000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157233                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155907                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    733.625334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   571.978696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.810233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2096      7.67%      7.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2262      8.28%     15.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1850      6.77%     22.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1570      5.75%     28.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1490      5.45%     33.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1400      5.13%     39.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1287      4.71%     43.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1412      5.17%     48.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13948     51.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.144060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.090322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.630189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7              10      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             42      0.43%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           109      1.12%      1.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9405     96.57%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           124      1.27%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            28      0.29%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.007188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.006514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.157478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9717     99.77%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      0.03%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2899439250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5847558000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18440.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37190.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       659.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       653.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    659.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    653.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143635                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142166                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48751.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98589120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52382385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               564866820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              408585060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752934000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1522891800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64400640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2090028690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       318755040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1570645740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7444079295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.581811                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11758518375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45195750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319082000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6346471750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    830079500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3143118500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4583396625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96518520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51278040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557776800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405181620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         740026560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1496743050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63943200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2066527590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       309460800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1600110840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7387567020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            483.880298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11816937125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43755000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     313568000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6480751625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    805856750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3091310000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4532102750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1254680                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1254680                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7191                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1245942                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4015                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               802                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1245942                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1206912                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           39030                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4998                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     364599                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1237891                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          832                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2694                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      57081                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          222                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   53                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             81916                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5558969                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1254680                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1210927                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30409465                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  99                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          824                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    56949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.366138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.620916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28870654     94.66%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40603      0.13%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   43670      0.14%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225052      0.74%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   28773      0.09%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   10631      0.03%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   10454      0.03%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26412      0.09%     95.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1243522      4.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041090                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182054                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  406716                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28683950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   635258                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               766381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11098044                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  670263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 260325                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13238                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1136823                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28411656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11061818                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 22875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28126606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14100931                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23425367                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12714564                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           384248                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13804522                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  296409                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4656103                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              375974                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1246491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            25520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           21802                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10995040                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                916                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10926235                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1979                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         190272                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       278861                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           773                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.358240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.230863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27523211     90.24%     90.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             489307      1.60%     91.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             513871      1.68%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             353669      1.16%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             316561      1.04%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             972310      3.19%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             121480      0.40%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             183391      0.60%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25971      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73343     93.12%     93.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  472      0.60%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     93.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1055      1.34%     95.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  243      0.31%     95.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             3458      4.39%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             189      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4870      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9207732     84.27%     84.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  93      0.00%     84.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  323      0.00%     84.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             106189      0.97%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              309736      2.83%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1194202     10.93%     99.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          57906      0.53%     99.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         45184      0.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10926235                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.357830                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      78760                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007208                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51965806                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10929531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10671298                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             467174                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            256925                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       229168                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10764525                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 235600                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2266                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26858                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          244                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14002                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          717                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  65864                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               151035                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10995956                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              986                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               375974                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1246491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               398                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   515                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               150300                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           244                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2013                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6963                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8976                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10909285                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               364399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1602242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1225774                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1237843                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.357275                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10904118                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10900466                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7966863                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11119881                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.356986                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716452                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         190578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            143                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7286                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.354639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.259204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27592988     90.56%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       358955      1.18%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326485      1.07%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1066894      3.50%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        82086      0.27%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       633812      2.08%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        73671      0.24%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        23219      0.08%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       311389      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5355440                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10805682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1581603                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       349116                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1218494                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    224711                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10683001                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2695      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9117230     84.37%     84.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             269      0.00%     84.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        103819      0.96%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         293967      2.72%     88.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1187836     10.99%     99.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        55149      0.51%     99.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        44651      0.41%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10805682                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               311389                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41154370                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22023314                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            317                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34917                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5355440                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10805682                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.701621                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.701621                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.175389                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.175389                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12468885                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8252212                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   357985                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  183139                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6113574                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5479053                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4062042                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1411275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.994742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          843                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6531008                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6531008                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       356165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         356165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1077210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1077210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1433375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1433375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1433375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1433375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155317                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155317                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       160152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        160152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       160152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       160152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    445507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    445507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14007716999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14007716999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14453223999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14453223999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14453223999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14453223999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       361000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       361000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1232527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1232527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1593527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1593527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1593527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1593527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92142.088935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92142.088935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90187.918895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90187.918895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90246.915424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90246.915424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90246.915424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90246.915424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17033                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          319                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    87.348718                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   106.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    169679500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169679500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13851700499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13851700499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14021379999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14021379999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14021379999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14021379999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106382.131661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106382.131661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89188.009059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89188.009059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89362.795079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89362.795079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89362.795079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89362.795079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              689                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             268651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           389.914369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           228490                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          228490                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        56107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          56107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        56107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           56107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        56107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          56107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        56949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        56949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        56949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        56949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        56949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        56949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71483.372922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71483.372922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71483.372922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71483.372922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71483.372922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71483.372922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          689                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              689                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49659500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49659500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49659500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49659500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49659500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49659500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71555.475504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71555.475504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71555.475504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71555.475504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71555.475504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71555.475504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157844                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.499508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.979509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16299.520983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2679084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2679084                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          688                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              688                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            301                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                301                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              388                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156845                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13618463500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13618463500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45184000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     45184000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    166818000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    166818000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13785281500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13830465500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13785281500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13830465500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          688                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          688                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155304                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155304                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          689                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            689                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1595                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1595                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.563135                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.563135                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977429                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977429                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.563135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.563135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87699.235604                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87699.235604                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116453.608247                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116453.608247                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107003.207184                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107003.207184                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116453.608247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87891.112245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87961.595212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116453.608247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87891.112245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87961.595212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          388                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          388                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12065593500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12065593500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41304000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41304000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    151228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41304000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12216821500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12258125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41304000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12216821500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12258125500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.563135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.563135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.563135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77699.171207                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77699.171207                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106453.608247                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106453.608247                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97003.207184                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97003.207184                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106453.608247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77891.048487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77961.531612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106453.608247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77891.048487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77961.531612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314476                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157264                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1947                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1947                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20041024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20041024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20041024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157233                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157233    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157233                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           938756500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826950250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315187                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157607                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           99                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            677                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          677                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311870                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          689                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1595                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        88192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20023232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20111424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157849                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9978368                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002517                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314648     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    794      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314245500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1041000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235353498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
