
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10351259316750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               76344766                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                142413409                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              190883332                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    79.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6106251167                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11390592805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           2752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       19356224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           19358976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         2752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          2752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       105600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          105600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          302441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              302484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1650                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1650                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            180254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1267818675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1267998929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       180254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           180254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6916724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6916724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6916724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           180254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1267818675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1274915653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      302485                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1650                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    302485                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1650                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               19358144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  104448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                19359040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               105600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             18866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             18909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             18966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             19073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             19067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             18991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             19019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             19073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             19036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             18968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            18881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            18976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            18935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            18649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            18415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            18647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267400000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                302485                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1650                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  165233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  104412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   16716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   16108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    707.999563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   484.040204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   410.241955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3705     13.48%     13.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3870     14.08%     27.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          573      2.08%     29.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          559      2.03%     31.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          742      2.70%     34.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1041      3.79%     38.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          533      1.94%     40.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          471      1.71%     41.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        15997     58.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3045.627451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     32.304090                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  20571.960752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           98     96.08%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            1      0.98%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            1      0.98%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::65536-73727            1      0.98%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.98%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              102    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3813100250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              9484431500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1512355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     12606.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                31356.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1267.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         6.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1268.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     9.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.77                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   275138                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1475                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      50199.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98217840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52207815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1085022960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5079060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         984653280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1478810850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             69482880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3199516590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       469539840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        926846580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8369445675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            548.192640                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11796146375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     57288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     417252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3603998750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1222776750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2949642500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7016386125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98060760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52120530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1074619980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3439980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         968058000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1457230650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             69579840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3162425550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       438251520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        976668540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8300513070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            543.677604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11890092375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     57327750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     410214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3813913750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1141305500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2909710000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6934873125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3019876                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3019876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1251                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2640457                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 243724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                99                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2640457                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1204291                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1436166                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          443                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2858820                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     368467                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5124                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1329515                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           41                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1333141                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      10601646                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3019876                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1448015                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29197440                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   2624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  38                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          235                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1329475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  185                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30532166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.681536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.061691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27186862     89.04%     89.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  110139      0.36%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   62689      0.21%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  265472      0.87%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  347112      1.14%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  415384      1.36%     92.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  346341      1.13%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  151899      0.50%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1646268      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30532166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.098900                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.347200                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  874674                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26851815                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1998492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               805873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  1312                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              20780055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  1312                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1279612                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               23717271                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1431                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2362884                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3169656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              20775264                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               251703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1460302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                     1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1179329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           27291438                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             51825213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        27669272                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            13501                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             27158046                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  133574                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                14                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            21                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5046979                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2619443                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             369535                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads               78                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores              89                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  20765466                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 65                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 20978474                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              576                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          94505                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       132039                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30532166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.687094                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.670428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24437348     80.04%     80.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1587261      5.20%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             939530      3.08%     88.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             747591      2.45%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1011225      3.31%     94.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             518157      1.70%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             597706      1.96%     97.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             499325      1.64%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             194023      0.64%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30532166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 353495     72.44%     72.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   15      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                134383     27.54%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   32      0.01%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                3      0.00%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              40      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              407      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             17642613     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult              107006      0.51%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    3      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                563      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2858994     13.63%     98.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             356728      1.70%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            113      0.00%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         12047      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              20978474                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.687037                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     487968                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.023260                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          72951952                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         20846765                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     20714430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              25706                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             13306                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        12791                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              21453162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12873                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          243289                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12343                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       244344                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1312                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               15534743                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               296972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           20765531                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2619443                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              369535                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                30                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                108655                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               133990                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           789                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1437                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             20975407                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2858800                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             3067                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3227264                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3008141                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    368464                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.686937                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      20728036                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     20727221                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 15638251                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 25426121                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.678809                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.615047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          94555                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              2                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1283                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30519177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.677317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.073494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26655882     87.34%     87.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       755088      2.47%     89.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       279824      0.92%     90.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       400239      1.31%     92.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       236465      0.77%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89929      0.29%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          562      0.00%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52673      0.17%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2048515      6.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30519177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            10529492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              20671161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2973887                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2607123                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3002505                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     12444                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 20670609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              242441                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          183      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        17589953     85.09%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         106748      0.52%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           390      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2607069     12.61%     98.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        354828      1.72%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           54      0.00%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        11936      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         20671161                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2048515                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    49236378                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   41544350                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             20                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           2522                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   10529492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     20671161                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.899920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.899920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.344837                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.344837                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                28076472                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               17457486                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    13373                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     639                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 15316128                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 9768985                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                9005916                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           304040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2222555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           304040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.310074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11256760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11256760                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1672583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1672583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       357805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        357805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      2030388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2030388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      2030388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2030388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       698862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       698862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         8930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       707792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        707792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       707792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       707792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  56190144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  56190144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    638181467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    638181467                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  56828325467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  56828325467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  56828325467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  56828325467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2371445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2371445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       366735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       366735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2738180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2738180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2738180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2738180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.294699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.258490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.258490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.258490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.258490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80402.345527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80402.345527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71464.889922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71464.889922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80289.584323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80289.584323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80289.584323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80289.584323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2621644                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          311                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            64106                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.895454                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       403751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       403751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       403752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       403752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       403752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       403752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       295111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       295111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       304040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       304040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       304040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       304040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24855251500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24855251500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    629249467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    629249467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25484500967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25484500967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25484500967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25484500967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.111037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.111037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84223.398992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84223.398992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70472.557621                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70472.557621                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83819.566396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83819.566396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83819.566396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83819.566396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               52                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.058976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             287428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               52                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          5527.461538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.058976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5317955                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5317955                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1329402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1329402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1329402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1329402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1329402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1329402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           73                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8085500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8085500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8085500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8085500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8085500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8085500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1329475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1329475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1329475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110760.273973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110760.273973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110760.273973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110760.273973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110760.273973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110760.273973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5632500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5632500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5632500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5632500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5632500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5632500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102409.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102409.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102409.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102409.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102409.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102409.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    302539                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      305516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    302539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.009840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        2.751507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1.612322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16379.636171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          927                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        15346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5167891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5167891                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8042                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             8042                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           52                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               52                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              1429                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1429                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             10                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 10                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           169                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               169                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            7500                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7500                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           43                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               43                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       294942                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          294942                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             302442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 302485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            302442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                302485                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    600731000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     600731000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5440500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      5440500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24410299500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  24410299500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5440500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25011030500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      25016471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5440500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25011030500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     25016471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8042                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8042                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           52                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           52                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          8929                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              8929                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           53                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             53                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       295111                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        295111                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           304040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               304093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          304040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              304093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.839960                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.839960                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.811321                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.811321                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999427                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999427                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.811321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.994744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.994712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.811321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.994744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.994712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80097.466667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80097.466667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 126523.255814                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126523.255814                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82763.050023                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82763.050023                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 126523.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82696.948506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82703.178670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 126523.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82696.948506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82703.178670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1650                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1650                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           43                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       294942                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       294942                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        302442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            302485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       302442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           302485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    525741000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    525741000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5010500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5010500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21460879500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21460879500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5010500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21986620500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21991631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5010500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21986620500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21991631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.839960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.811321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.811321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.994712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.811321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70098.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70098.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116523.255814                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116523.255814                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72763.050023                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72763.050023                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116523.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72696.981570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72703.211730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116523.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72696.981570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72703.211730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        604987                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       302511                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           300852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        294985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       907471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       907471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 907471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19464576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19464576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19464576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            302485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  302485    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              302485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           685454000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1578034250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       608187                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       304092                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           37                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             53                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           53                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            295167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           52                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          596887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8929                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8928                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            55                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       295111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       912120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                912280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19973248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19979968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          302541                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    105728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           606634                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.012179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 606544     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     90      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             606634                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312187500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             82500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         456060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
