
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9297812572125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              142423738                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                265419560                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              361189193                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6020200487                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11219192303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12754816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12754816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         835431225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             835431225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1194707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1194707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1194707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        835431225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            836625931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199294                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        285                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199294                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      285                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12752128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12754816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     42                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267331500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199294                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  285                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.247392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.817126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.763994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40079     41.19%     41.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45566     46.83%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10075     10.35%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1406      1.45%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          149      0.15%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11293.411765                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11081.538074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2294.047026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.88%      5.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.88%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      5.88%     17.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     11.76%     29.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            4     23.53%     52.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.88%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.88%     64.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2     11.76%     76.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.88%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.88%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      5.88%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4829244750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8565219750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  996260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24236.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42986.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       835.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    835.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   101988                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     241                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76497.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346568460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184209300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               710886960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 736020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1646068230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24444000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5161194960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       105783840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9385200810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.723866                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11594322500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9493000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    275491000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3153613750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11318886375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348117840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185040405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               711772320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 683820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1650434430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24358080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5175834270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        89865120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9391415325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.130913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11582970250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9217000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    233707750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3164970000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11349589375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1295155                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1295155                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            53060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              998287                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  37277                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         998287                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            553291                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          444996                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14722                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     618229                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      39008                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       129814                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          656                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1089945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5533                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1112263                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3763413                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1295155                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            590568                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29253010                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 109984                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1363                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        48803                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1084412                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30473177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.248369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.257863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28999348     95.16%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   13949      0.05%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  545979      1.79%     97.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19785      0.06%     97.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  106376      0.35%     97.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   52714      0.17%     97.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   73441      0.24%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   19071      0.06%     97.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  642514      2.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30473177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042416                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.123250                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  537096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28941396                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   670671                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               269022                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 54992                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6145334                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 54992                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  613553                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27688543                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   793000                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1313089                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5895967                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                82202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                937051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                342061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   358                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7024420                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16423727                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7704685                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            23295                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2508866                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4515556                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               216                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           247                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1763296                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1082340                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              56302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2190                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2540                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5621630                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3075                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4031889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3541                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3529949                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7315601                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3075                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30473177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.132309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.655538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28762663     94.39%     94.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             705014      2.31%     96.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             367464      1.21%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             247715      0.81%     98.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             237934      0.78%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              63750      0.21%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              56322      0.18%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18136      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14179      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30473177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7167     67.23%     67.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  720      6.75%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2567     24.08%     98.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  157      1.47%     99.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                4      0.04%     99.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              46      0.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14312      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3318029     82.29%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 724      0.02%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6278      0.16%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9259      0.23%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              640343     15.88%     98.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              41620      1.03%     99.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1123      0.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           201      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4031889                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.132043                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10661                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002644                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38529043                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9136022                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3879023                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              22114                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             18634                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10196                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4016866                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11372                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3152                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       679724                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        38274                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           28                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          933                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 54992                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25862205                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               275598                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5624705                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3862                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1082340                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               56302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1159                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13274                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                86019                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        29900                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               60499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3969230                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               618087                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            62659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      657084                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  480799                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     38997                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.129991                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3901591                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3889219                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2823958                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4476915                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.127371                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.630782                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3530696                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            54990                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29970062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.069895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.471922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29023093     96.84%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       445762      1.49%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105157      0.35%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291302      0.97%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48495      0.16%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23002      0.08%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3630      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2963      0.01%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26658      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29970062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1048218                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2094757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        420643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       402615                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    383448                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7184                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2087497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2156      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1660492     79.27%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            127      0.01%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5195      0.25%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6144      0.29%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         401575     19.17%     99.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18028      0.86%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1040      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2094757                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                26658                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35568857                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11754916                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            444                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          61511                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1048218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2094757                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             29.130093                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       29.130093                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.034329                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.034329                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3959958                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3371852                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18163                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    8997                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2524060                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1070564                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2106926                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           214733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             250739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           214733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.167678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2735961                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2735961                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       230340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         230340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       247642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          247642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       247642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         247642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       381939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       381939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          726                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          726                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       382665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        382665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       382665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       382665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34521492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34521492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25568500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25568500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34547060500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34547060500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34547060500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34547060500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       612279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       612279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       630307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       630307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       630307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       630307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.623799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.623799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040271                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040271                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.607109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.607109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.607109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.607109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90384.831086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90384.831086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35218.319559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35218.319559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90280.168032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90280.168032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90280.168032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90280.168032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10597                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              515                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.576699                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       167924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       167924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       167931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       167931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       167931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       167931                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       214015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       214734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       214734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19334099500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19334099500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24360000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24360000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19358459500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19358459500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19358459500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19358459500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.340682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.340682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90339.927108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90339.927108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33880.389430                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33880.389430                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90150.882021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90150.882021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90150.882021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90150.882021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4337648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4337648                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1084412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1084412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1084412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1084412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1084412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1084412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1084412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1084412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1084412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1084412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1084412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1084412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199300                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      228821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.148123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.721469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.278531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3633092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3633092                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1744                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1744                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               542                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   542                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         14896                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             14896                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                15438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    15438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               15438                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   15438                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199119                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199119                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199296                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199296                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17331000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17331000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18835102000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18835102000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18852433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18852433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18852433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18852433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1744                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1744                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           719                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               719                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       214015                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        214015                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           214734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               214734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          214734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              214734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.246175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.930397                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.930397                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.928106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.928106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.928106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.928106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97915.254237                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97915.254237                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94592.188591                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94592.188591                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94595.139892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94595.139892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94595.139892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94595.139892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199119                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199119                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15561000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15561000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16843932000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16843932000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16859493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16859493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16859493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16859493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.930397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.928106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.928106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.928106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.928106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87915.254237                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87915.254237                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84592.289033                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84592.289033                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84595.240246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84595.240246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84595.240246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84595.240246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        398584                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199295                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       597878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       597878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 597878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12773056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12773056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12773056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199294    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           470704500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1075942000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       429467                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       214736                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          462                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            214014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          412004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       214015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       644200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                644200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13854528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               13854528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199300                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           414034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001154                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 413557     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    476      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             414034                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          216477500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         322099500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
