
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2458042404125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               14586348                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 26846502                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42522639                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   359.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5237087324                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9638977409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1186624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1186752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       980224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          980224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           18541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          77723014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              77731398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        64203963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             64203963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        64203963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         77723014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            141935361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       18543                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15316                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     18543                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15316                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1186688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  980160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1186752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               980224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267287000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 18543                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15316                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        23878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.749309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.658320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.274648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17020     71.28%     71.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5031     21.07%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1070      4.48%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          462      1.93%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          158      0.66%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           71      0.30%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           44      0.18%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575            9      0.04%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            9      0.04%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        23878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          890                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.830337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.697923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.374258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               14      1.57%      1.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               41      4.61%      6.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18               90     10.11%     16.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              126     14.16%     30.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              162     18.20%     48.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              129     14.49%     63.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              127     14.27%     77.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               87      9.78%     87.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               50      5.62%     92.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               26      2.92%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26               25      2.81%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                6      0.67%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                5      0.56%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                2      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           890                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.207865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.176503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.035123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              362     40.67%     40.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               22      2.47%     43.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              465     52.25%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               41      4.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    520536250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               868198750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   92710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28073.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46823.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        77.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        64.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     77.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     64.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6548                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3432                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     450907.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 86751000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 46113045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                66801840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               40460220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1221904320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            923728320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30756480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4529764350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1203850560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         45468180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8195845725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.821968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13160438000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22341500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     517156000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     92261250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3135228250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1566455500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9933901625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 83730780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 44503965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                65588040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               39484080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1221289680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            940502280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             31115520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4506629190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1192044960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         58731480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8183862255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            536.037060                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13123099500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     23649750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     516932000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    136035000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3104356000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1603239500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9883131875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13219826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13219826                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1376211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11028834                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1063396                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            189514                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11028834                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2633694                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8395140                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       908776                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6913883                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2299713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        87689                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        19350                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6526417                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2483                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7363400                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56467366                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13219826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3697090                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21777816                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2754544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        14557                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6523934                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               319618                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.026273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12161048     39.83%     39.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  518659      1.70%     41.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  906991      2.97%     44.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1327982      4.35%     48.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  598018      1.96%     50.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1149180      3.76%     54.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1002351      3.28%     57.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  488345      1.60%     59.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12381361     40.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432945                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.849286                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5551817                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8447413                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13693245                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1464188                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1377272                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110038304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1377272                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6629971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7009179                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        247755                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13866799                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1402959                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102873878                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                29805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                791576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                378995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115818944                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255366434                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139845453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19583162                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48106212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67712718                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             32086                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         34552                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3436477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9473838                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3201503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           152711                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          155547                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89235135                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             205918                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70732104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           683973                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47993716                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69937536                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        205809                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.316508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.587768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13329784     43.66%     43.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2245592      7.35%     51.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2780704      9.11%     60.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2313618      7.58%     67.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2345379      7.68%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2225126      7.29%     82.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2635244      8.63%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1602264      5.25%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1056224      3.46%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1428760     92.83%     92.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                79339      5.15%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5304      0.34%     98.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2531      0.16%     98.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22848      1.48%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             294      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1841856      2.60%      2.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53780368     76.03%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2877      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                73843      0.10%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4981991      7.04%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5105136      7.22%     93.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2501298      3.54%     96.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2443823      3.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           912      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70732104                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.316451                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1539076                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021759                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158970337                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119214094                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59728235                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15250851                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18220917                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6761668                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62799747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7629577                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          211383                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5773897                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3825                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          281                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1557307                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3045                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1377272                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6211166                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10681                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89441053                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49314                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9473838                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3201503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             85448                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5762                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2896                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           281                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        410826                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1315865                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1726691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67681926                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6877510                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3050174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9176470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6220342                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2298960                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.216559                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67054660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66489903                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49299724                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87753579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.177520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.561797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47994010                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1377112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23243563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.783175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.405100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10770182     46.34%     46.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3050708     13.12%     59.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3451069     14.85%     74.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1847856      7.95%     82.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       938505      4.04%     86.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       772279      3.32%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       322479      1.39%     91.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       323244      1.39%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1767241      7.60%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23243563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18829949                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41447339                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5344138                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3699941                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4328702                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3134949                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38779893                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              369375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       705222      1.70%      1.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32989033     79.59%     81.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1708      0.00%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           47846      0.12%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2359392      5.69%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2933719      7.08%     94.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1644197      3.97%     98.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       766222      1.85%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41447339                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1767241                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110917671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186312946                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             89                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18829949                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41447339                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.621602                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.621602                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.616674                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.616674                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86388008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51089704                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10683681                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6378616                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36166532                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17897621                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21911457                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            21005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             502902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            21005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.942014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33074489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33074489                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6587462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6587462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1634796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1634796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8222258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8222258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8222258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8222258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        31430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        31430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        41113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         41113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        41113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        41113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2393924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2393924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    913480000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    913480000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3307404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3307404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3307404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3307404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6618892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6618892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1644479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1644479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8263371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8263371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8263371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8263371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76166.846962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76166.846962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94338.531447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94338.531447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80446.671369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80446.671369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80446.671369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80446.671369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           41                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        20093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        20093                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20093                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1013620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1013620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    863160000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    863160000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1876780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1876780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1876780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1876780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85645.965357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85645.965357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93974.959173                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93974.959173                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89285.442436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89285.442436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89285.442436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89285.442436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              958                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.353497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             106038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           110.686848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.353497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26096709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26096709                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6522933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6522933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6522933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6522933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6522933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6522933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12851500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12851500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12851500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12851500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12851500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12851500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6523934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6523934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6523934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6523934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6523934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6523934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12838.661339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12838.661339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12838.661339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12838.661339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12838.661339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12838.661339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11730500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11730500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11730500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11730500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11730500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11730500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12056.012333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12056.012333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12056.012333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12056.012333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12056.012333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12056.012333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18546                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       19909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.073493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.633508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        16.467513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16355.898979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4606                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    369802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   369802                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          958                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              958                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            956                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                956                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2405                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2405                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2464                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3420                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9113                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9113                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9428                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9428                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18541                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18543                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    848473500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     848473500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       193500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    969926500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    969926500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1818400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1818593500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1818400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1818593500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          958                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          958                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            958                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        11833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         11833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            21005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                21963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           21005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               21963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.993567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002088                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002088                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.796755                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.796755                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.882695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.844284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.882695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.844284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93105.837814                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93105.837814                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102877.227408                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102877.227408                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98074.537511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98074.394650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98074.537511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98074.394650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9428                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9428                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       302500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       302500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    757343500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    757343500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    875646500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    875646500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1632990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1633163500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1632990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1633163500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.796755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.796755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.844284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.844284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83105.837814                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83105.837814                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92877.227408                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92877.227408                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88074.537511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88074.394650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88074.537511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88074.394650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         37098                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18558                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        55641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        55641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  55641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2166976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2166976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2166976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18558    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           103026000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          100539750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        43956                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21960                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           64                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31372                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              15                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             15                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11833                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 65934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       122624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2371904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2494528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18561                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    981184                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            40539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.040922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  40471     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     68      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              40539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           38992000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1459500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          31515998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
