
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4946619496500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              131638890                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                244291564                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              353295130                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    43.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5688658834                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10556847190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12380800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12380800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        30144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           30144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         810933447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             810933447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1974410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1974410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1974410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        810933447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            812907857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193449                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        471                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193449                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      471                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12376256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   29696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12380736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                30144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     70                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267357500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193449                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  471                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.477189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.588113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.458133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42639     43.81%     43.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43988     45.20%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9274      9.53%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1286      1.32%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           96      0.10%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6629.620690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6448.738125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1526.401029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      3.45%      3.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      6.90%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.45%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4     13.79%     27.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     10.34%     37.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5     17.24%     55.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      6.90%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      6.90%     68.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     10.34%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     10.34%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     10.34%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               29    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4734024000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8359880250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  966895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24480.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43230.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       810.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    810.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96119                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     405                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78730.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344105160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182896230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               683833500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1393740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1615438140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24503520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5193541890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       104279040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9355300260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.765402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11661386625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9612000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    271385250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3086468250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11390018625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350752500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186433170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               696892560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1028340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1644412380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24562080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5168656830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       100776960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9378823860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.306181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11596822500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9636750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    262621000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3150160625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11335065750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1295313                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1295313                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            53537                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              980141                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  38402                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6579                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         980141                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            552404                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          427737                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        18904                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     653419                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      54888                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144817                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          918                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1089153                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4572                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1112932                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3832076                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1295313                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            590806                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29271175                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 110108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        40535                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1084581                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6603                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30484103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.252553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.268019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28986606     95.09%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   20225      0.07%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  539130      1.77%     96.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   25815      0.08%     97.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  112306      0.37%     97.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   47576      0.16%     97.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   81655      0.27%     97.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   20441      0.07%     97.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  650349      2.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30484103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042421                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.125499                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  540883                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28911488                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   689637                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               287041                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 55054                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6441957                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 55054                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  626220                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27771514                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         31829                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   820536                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1178950                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6192103                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                47202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                985271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                132600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7380082                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17165112                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8175339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            40550                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2978689                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4401393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           283                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1835452                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1086447                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              79825                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3497                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5877607                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4527                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4342781                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5778                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3406237                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7041479                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4527                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30484103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.142461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.684627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28646975     93.97%     93.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             765617      2.51%     96.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             393462      1.29%     97.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             266149      0.87%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             232616      0.76%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              73836      0.24%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              63650      0.21%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              24135      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17663      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30484103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  11093     71.59%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1179      7.61%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2758     17.80%     96.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  280      1.81%     98.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              181      1.17%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               5      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16442      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3560279     81.98%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1324      0.03%     82.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                10996      0.25%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15056      0.35%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              676695     15.58%     98.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              58760      1.35%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3219      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            10      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4342781                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.142225                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15496                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003568                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39152829                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9253862                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4171221                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              38110                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             34516                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16609                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4322184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  19651                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5347                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       634368                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          175                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        48144                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           53                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1104                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 55054                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26179628                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               241572                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5882134                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1086447                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               79825                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1667                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13997                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                38173                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28550                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        33121                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               61671                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4269407                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               653085                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            73374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      707959                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  531520                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     54874                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.139822                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4203513                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4187830                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3003127                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4901771                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.137150                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.612662                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3406680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            55048                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30001698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.082525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.531039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28928318     96.42%     96.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       487154      1.62%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       128101      0.43%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       329763      1.10%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47475      0.16%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25915      0.09%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5883      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4233      0.01%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        44856      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30001698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1240543                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2475897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        483760                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       452079                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    436043                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     12994                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2462927                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3860      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1967609     79.47%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            224      0.01%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9392      0.38%     80.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11052      0.45%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         450137     18.18%     98.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         31681      1.28%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1942      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2475897                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                44856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35839419                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12249134                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            378                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          50586                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1240543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2475897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.613971                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.613971                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.040627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.040627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4457321                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3609114                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    29254                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   14616                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2817006                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1208481                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2225268                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           233630                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             268472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           233630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.149133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2934154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2934154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       235804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         235804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        30729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       266533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          266533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       266533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         266533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       407646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       407646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       408598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        408598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       408598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       408598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33667803500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33667803500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39550000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39550000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33707353500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33707353500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33707353500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33707353500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       643450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       643450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        31681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       675131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       675131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       675131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       675131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.633532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.633532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.605213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.605213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.605213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.605213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82590.785878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82590.785878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41544.117647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41544.117647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82495.150490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82495.150490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82495.150490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82495.150490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              753                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.158035                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2326                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       174965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       174969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       174969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       232681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       233629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       233629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19107002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19107002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38325000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38325000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19145327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19145327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19145327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19145327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.361615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029923                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029923                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.346050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.346050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82116.726333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82116.726333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40427.215190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40427.215190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81947.562161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81947.562161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81947.562161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81947.562161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4338324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4338324                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1084581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1084581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1084581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1084581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1084581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1084581                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1084581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1084581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1084581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1084581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1084581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1084581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193457                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      266422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.377164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.904817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.095183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3929033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3929033                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         39536                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             39536                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                40180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    40180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               40180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   40180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193145                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193145                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29849000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      29849000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18315484000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18315484000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18345333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18345333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18345333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18345333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           948                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               948                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       232681                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        232681                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           233629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               233629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          233629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              233629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.320675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.320675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.830085                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.830085                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.828018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.828018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.828018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.828018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98187.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98187.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94827.637267                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94827.637267                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94832.917203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94832.917203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94832.917203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94832.917203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  471                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       471                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193145                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193145                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26809000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26809000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16384024000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16384024000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16410833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16410833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16410833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16410833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.320675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.830085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.828018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.828018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.828018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.828018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88187.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88187.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84827.585493                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84827.585493                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84832.865510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84832.865510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84832.865510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84832.865510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        386894                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193450                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       580344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       580344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 580344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12410944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12410944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12410944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193449                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193449    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193449                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           457765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1046033500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       467259                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       233630                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          575                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            232682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424290                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              948                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             948                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       232681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       700889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                700889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15101184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15101184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193457                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     30144                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426499     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    587      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          235955500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         350445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
