
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7755810815500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              106817948                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                198788253                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              276098815                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    55.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5906672606                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10992324337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12662464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12662528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        22080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           22080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         829382235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             829386427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1446224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1446224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1446224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        829382235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            830832651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197852                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        345                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197852                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      345                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12658816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   22528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12662528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                22080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     58                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267318000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197852                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  345                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.365789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.932871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.085125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40833     41.97%     41.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44996     46.25%     88.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9879     10.16%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1388      1.43%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          148      0.15%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           9448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9342.538530                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1440.592834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      9.09%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     13.64%     22.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      4.55%     27.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            6     27.27%     54.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      4.55%     59.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.55%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            4     18.18%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      9.09%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4846756500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8555394000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  988970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24504.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43254.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       829.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    829.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100552                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     315                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77031.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345718800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183753900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               702468900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1628405640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24289440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5208845250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        80685600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9379476570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.348933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11633430000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8964000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    210116250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3114694375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11423709500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348860400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185423700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               709787400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1837440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1645126020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24558240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5165109720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       103166400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9389178360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.984393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11594525125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9630500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    268346250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3153328500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11326178875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1458002                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1458002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            55858                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1134015                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  33060                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1134015                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            633397                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          500618                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17231                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     661144                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      39303                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138976                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          801                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1233730                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3368                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1258096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4170010                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1458002                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            666457                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29157133                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 113838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27716                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1230362                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5729                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.274378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.319229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28858395     94.61%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   20759      0.07%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  625413      2.05%     96.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19587      0.06%     96.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  116599      0.38%     97.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   48332      0.16%     97.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   75514      0.25%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   18691      0.06%     97.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  718332      2.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.136566                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  604596                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28778288                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   772926                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               288893                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 56919                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6857946                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 56919                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  685993                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27637804                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12475                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   905089                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1203342                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6594176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                49113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                967762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                184637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7873167                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18451698                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8571011                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            28822                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2783516                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5089651                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1852460                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1209171                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              57191                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3645                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6288381                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3073                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4429803                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4443                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3968650                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8578389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3073                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.145232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.689052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28648907     93.93%     93.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             749522      2.46%     96.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             394024      1.29%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             261289      0.86%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             279105      0.92%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              72029      0.24%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              61206      0.20%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              19755      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15785      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7845     65.94%     65.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  816      6.86%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2854     23.99%     96.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  188      1.58%     98.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              129      1.08%     99.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              66      0.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13061      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3667083     82.78%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 798      0.02%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7513      0.17%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10388      0.23%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              686439     15.50%     98.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              41954      0.95%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2289      0.05%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           278      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4429803                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.145074                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11898                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002686                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39350301                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10234859                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4261087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              27268                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             25250                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11452                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4414655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13985                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3502                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       767209                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        35483                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           30                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1442                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 56919                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26039743                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               243936                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6291454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1209171                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               57191                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16469                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                44362                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31095                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31046                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               62141                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4360483                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               660961                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            69320                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      700250                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  519395                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     39289                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.142804                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4284888                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4272539                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3160053                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4947910                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.139924                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638664                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3969116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            56915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29950158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.509591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28930350     96.59%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       475355      1.59%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109743      0.37%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306410      1.02%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55339      0.18%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27531      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5118      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3482      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36830      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29950158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1162050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2322804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        463670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       441962                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    421034                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8694                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2314014                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3825                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2628      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1842544     79.32%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            153      0.01%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6381      0.27%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7428      0.32%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         440696     18.97%     99.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         21708      0.93%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1266      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2322804                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36830                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36205248                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13136428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33067                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1162050                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2322804                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.276571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.276571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038057                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038057                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4228799                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3718735                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    20156                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9939                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2741497                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1152641                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2319194                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           231444                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             263399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           231444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.138068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2933112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2933112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       242171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         242171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        20827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       262998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          262998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       262998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         262998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       411538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       411538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       412419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        412419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       412419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       412419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34889689500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34889689500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31044999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31044999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34920734499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34920734499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34920734499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34920734499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       653709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       653709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        21708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       675417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       675417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       675417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       675417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.629543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.629543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.610614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.610614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.610614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.610614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84778.779845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84778.779845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35238.364359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35238.364359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84672.952747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84672.952747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84672.952747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84672.952747                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              946                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.327696                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       230570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       231444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       231444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19462538500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19462538500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29671999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29671999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19492210499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19492210499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19492210499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19492210499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040262                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040262                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84410.541267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84410.541267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33949.655606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33949.655606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84219.986256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84219.986256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84219.986256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84219.986256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   21                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4921449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4921449                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1230361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1230361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1230361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1230361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1230361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1230361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1230362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1230362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1230362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1230362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1230362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1230362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197854                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      259657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.312367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.069728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.072419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.857852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3898502                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3898502                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2152                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               663                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   663                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         32930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             32930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                33593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    33593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               33593                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   33593                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197640                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197640                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197852                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21088000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      21088000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18744598000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18744598000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18765686000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18765776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18765686000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18765776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2152                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           874                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               874                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       230570                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        230570                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           231444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               231445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          231444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              231445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.241419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857180                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.857180                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.854855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.854855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.854855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.854855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99943.127962                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99943.127962                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94842.127100                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94842.127100                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94847.567109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94847.542608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94847.567109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94847.542608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  345                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       345                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197640                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197640                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18978000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18978000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16768198000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16768198000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16787176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16787256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16787176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16787256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.854855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.854855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.854855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.854855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89943.127962                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89943.127962                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84842.127100                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84842.127100                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84847.567109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84847.542608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84847.567109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84847.542608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        395698                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197853                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197641                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197641                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       593550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       593550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 593550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12684608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12684608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12684608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197852                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197852    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197852                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           466089500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1068336750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       462890                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       231445                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          577                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            230571                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          426801                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       230570                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       694332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                694335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14950144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14950272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197854                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     22080                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           429299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001365                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036921                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 428713     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    586      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             429299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          233598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         347166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
