
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10977220425875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               48296209                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 90477586                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              115212450                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   132.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6399957233                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11989610098                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10215232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10215616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      8795520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8795520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          159613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              159619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        137430                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             137430                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             25152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         669090309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             669115461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       576100200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            576100200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       576100200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            25152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        669090309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1245215661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      159619                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     137430                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    159619                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   137430                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10213696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8795520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10215616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8795520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              8528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              8523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              8512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              8525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              8519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              8515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              8596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              8652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              8791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              8705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             8642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             8527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267412000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                159619                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               137430                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   12639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   8573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   8580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   8586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   8585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   8585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   8599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   8595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   8616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   8906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   8613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   8624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   8723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   8613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   8737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        26859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    707.736252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   528.368769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   371.857867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2749     10.23%     10.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2733     10.18%     20.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1529      5.69%     26.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1168      4.35%     30.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1102      4.10%     34.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1282      4.77%     39.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2192      8.16%     47.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1962      7.30%     54.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12142     45.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        26859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.586468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.286324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     33.677525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          8583     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          8587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8587                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.004425                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.004167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.095210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8565     99.74%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               10      0.12%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.09%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          8587                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2889256250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5881550000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  797945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18104.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36854.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       668.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       576.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    669.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    576.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143504                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  126656                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      51396.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 95147640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 50568375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               564716880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              356891400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         864183840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1479683520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61519680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2733905250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       331285440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1252891560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7790947935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            510.301456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11861600500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     39846000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     366178000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5003740750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    862752250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2999715000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5995112125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96625620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51361530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               574748580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              360493200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         865413120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1507245870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             59995200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2770653720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       309608160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1229126940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7825350750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            512.554815                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11800171500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     37584000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     366662000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4923300375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    806252250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3057545250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6076000250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3784705                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3784705                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            36387                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3087195                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 121113                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                40                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3087195                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1623212                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1463983                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          983                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4275096                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2688673                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        28278                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        25494                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2378063                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           15                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2395525                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      16762220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3784705                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1744325                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28100873                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  72846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           21                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          483                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2378048                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13945                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.041801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.455632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25269237     82.76%     82.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  210388      0.69%     83.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  168057      0.55%     84.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  349408      1.14%     85.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  807905      2.65%     87.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  572572      1.88%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  453544      1.49%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  218540      0.72%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2483674      8.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.123948                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.548957                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1552730                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24396091                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  3756339                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               791742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 36423                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              31318096                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 36423                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1859626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22690588                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12456                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4169376                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1764856                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              31093555                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               218085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1353914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           35214880                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             83008757                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        47022592                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             2846                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             30539866                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4675013                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               105                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4330436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4583919                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2869357                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           245880                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           20286                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  30671452                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                411                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 29465947                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            14918                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3688239                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5567983                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           408                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.965042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.030859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           22992340     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1258390      4.12%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1517074      4.97%     84.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1040170      3.41%     87.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             755581      2.47%     90.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             811371      2.66%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             784966      2.57%     95.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             723540      2.37%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             649893      2.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 601177     64.24%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     64.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                190856     20.40%     84.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               143731     15.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3209      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22446637     76.18%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               1182      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     76.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4299449     14.59%     90.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2715470      9.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              29465947                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.964999                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     935764                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.031757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          90413250                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         34356350                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29233705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               2654                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              3802                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         1321                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              30397175                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   1327                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1273388                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       672285                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           53                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       416280                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          144                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 36423                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               17414103                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               198688                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           30671863                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4583919                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2869357                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               206                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                178838                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            53                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         26383                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        49920                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               76303                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             29360953                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4275062                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           104997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     6963719                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3378731                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2688657                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.961561                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      29317425                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     29235026                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 21931380                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 38038999                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.957437                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.576550                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3688243                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            36387                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30051257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.897920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.350006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25338415     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       432402      1.44%     85.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       552054      1.84%     87.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       587156      1.95%     89.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       170908      0.57%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        50172      0.17%     90.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       267669      0.89%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        74715      0.25%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577766      8.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30051257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            14021302                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              26983617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       6364701                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3911620                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3212322                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 26981651                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              120271                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1964      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        20616952     76.41%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3911620     14.50%     90.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2453081      9.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         26983617                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2577766                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    58145351                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   61826316                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             10                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1363                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   14021302                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     26983617                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.177736                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.177736                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.459193                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.459193                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                43445454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               23219962                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     2195                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    1321                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 19176232                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 9800906                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               14036531                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           170827                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           10822230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           170827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            63.351988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         21887163                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        21887163                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2609861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2609861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2453079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2453079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      5062940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5062940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      5062940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5062940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       366142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       366142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       366144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        366144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       366144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       366144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27909493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27909493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       156000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       156000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27909649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27909649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27909649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27909649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2976003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2976003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2453081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2453081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5429084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5429084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5429084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5429084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.123031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.067441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.067441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76225.871383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76225.871383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        78000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        78000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76225.881074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76225.881074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76225.881074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76225.881074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3263                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               67                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    48.701493                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       152230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           152230                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       170825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       170825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       170827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       170827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       170827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       170827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14422563500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14422563500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       154000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14422717500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14422717500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14422717500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14422717500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.057401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84428.880433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84428.880433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        77000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84428.793458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84428.793458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84428.793458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84428.793458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               1566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                6                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9512198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9512198                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2378039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2378039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2378039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2378039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2378039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2378039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2378048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2378048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2378048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2378048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2378048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2378048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 359888.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 359888.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 359888.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 359888.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 359888.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 359888.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 356166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356166.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 356166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 356166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    159630                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      181800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    159630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.138884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        1.207532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.366815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16382.425653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9684                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2892942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2892942                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       152230                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           152230                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         11215                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             11215                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                11215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    11215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               11215                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   11215                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       159610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          159610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             159612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 159618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            159612                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                159618                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       151000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        151000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2128000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      2128000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14044227000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14044227000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14044378000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      14046506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14044378000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     14046506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       152230                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       152230                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              6                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       170825                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        170825                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           170827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               170833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          170827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              170833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.934348                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.934348                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.934349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.934351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.934349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.934351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        75500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        75500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 354666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 354666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87990.896560                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87990.896560                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 354666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87990.740045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88000.764325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 354666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87990.740045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88000.764325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               137430                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    137430                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       159610                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       159610                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        159612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            159618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       159612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           159618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       131000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       131000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2068000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2068000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12448127000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12448127000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12448258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12450326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2068000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12448258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12450326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.934348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.934348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.934349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.934351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.934349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.934351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        65500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 344666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77990.896560                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77990.896560                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 344666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77990.740045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78000.764325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 344666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77990.740045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78000.764325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        319246                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       159627                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             159616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       137430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            22197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        159617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       478864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       478864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 478864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19011072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19011072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19011072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            159619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  159619    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              159619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           921399500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          839361750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       341666                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       170833                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            170831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       289660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           40797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       170825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       512481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                512499                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20675648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20676416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          159630                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8795520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           330463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005769                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 330452    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     11      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             330463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          323069000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         256240500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
