
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               259544850125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2152952                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4059049                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56237791                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218972                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   271.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   584479750                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1101944140                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         252096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             252096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       191168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          191168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          2987                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               2987                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16512106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16512106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12521366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12521366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12521366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16512106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29033471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3939                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       2987                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3939                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     2987                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 252096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  190592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  252096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               191168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15262399000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3939                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 2987                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     98.792234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    75.686930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   136.307956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3982     88.86%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          219      4.89%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           88      1.96%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           49      1.09%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      0.91%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      0.58%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      0.54%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.56%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           27      0.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.502994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.954288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.650327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             5      2.99%      2.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            27     16.17%     19.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            48     28.74%     47.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            22     13.17%     61.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            19     11.38%     72.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            14      8.38%     80.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            14      8.38%     89.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             6      3.59%     92.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             7      4.19%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.60%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.60%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::46-47             1      0.60%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.60%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.60%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.832335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.823142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.555939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               14      8.38%      8.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              153     91.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    276310750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               350167000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     70147.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                88897.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       59                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2377                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2203638.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    35.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 18606840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9889770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                16607640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                8649540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1062097920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            401413380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             39330720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2988312210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1794450720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        828416340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7168450650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            469.528334                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14280099750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     56930500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     450372000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3056754250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4672969125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     476956000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6553362250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 13387500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  7115625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                11516820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                6895620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         966214080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            378038820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             42771840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2301338520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1723532160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1284218520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6735902115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            441.196718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14320001000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     74805250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     410262000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4789827750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4488360500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     457221250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5046867375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13240076                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13240076                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1089517                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11066831                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1002913                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            214357                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11066831                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3645478                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7421353                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       774957                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9968707                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7500872                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       124935                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        40444                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9036601                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14709                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9761826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59829062                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13240076                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4648391                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19601115                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2196418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        65066                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  9021892                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               270441                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.748206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.577048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12294881     40.27%     40.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  864481      2.83%     43.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1247499      4.09%     47.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1415580      4.64%     51.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1124509      3.68%     55.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1120913      3.67%     59.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1043335      3.42%     62.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  905397      2.97%     65.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10517843     34.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433608                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.959380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8660666                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4139525                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15693790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               942248                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1098209                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108884439                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1098209                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9421830                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3265182                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         23488                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15808594                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               917135                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103808126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 48029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    50                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                815963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110397402                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261227945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156151517                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3194914                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68532731                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41864630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               980                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1351                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   861250                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11907047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8893333                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           496684                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          189342                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93470876                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              54642                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83287771                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           441379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29380959                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42690978                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         54619                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.727667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.521178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9733064     31.88%     31.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2852384      9.34%     41.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3145969     10.30%     51.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3090704     10.12%     61.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3163343     10.36%     72.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2779418      9.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3099471     10.15%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1636631      5.36%     96.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1033454      3.38%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 803910     73.46%     73.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13595      1.24%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                104962      9.59%     84.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                86009      7.86%     92.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              525      0.05%     92.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           85358      7.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           514501      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63078750     75.74%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               75778      0.09%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87763      0.11%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1175369      1.41%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10119102     12.15%     90.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7568310      9.09%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         399261      0.48%     99.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        268937      0.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83287771                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.727644                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1094359                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013139                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         194707033                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119790264                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77755891                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3938682                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3117295                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1791982                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81881023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1986606                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1238650                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4233383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        13114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2987                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2588665                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1098209                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3325441                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 2962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93525518                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            20753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11907047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8893333                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             19344                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    68                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3062                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2987                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        313130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1121382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1434512                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80696389                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9961768                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2591379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17455096                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8719044                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7493328                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.642778                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80144578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79547873                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55557506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86999559                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.605164                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638595                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29381624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1097531                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26111829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.456532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.732345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9283430     35.55%     35.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3807189     14.58%     50.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2635007     10.09%     60.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3570714     13.67%     73.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1151561      4.41%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1152971      4.42%     82.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       817858      3.13%     85.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       467848      1.79%     87.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3225251     12.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26111829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33868929                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64144536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13978324                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7673657                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7448210                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1309077                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63161179                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              465036                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       260714      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48785857     76.06%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54589      0.09%     76.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           76188      0.12%     76.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        988864      1.54%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7397005     11.53%     89.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6304667      9.83%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       276652      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64144536                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3225251                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116412738                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191561190                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             30                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            250                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33868929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64144536                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.901555                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.901555                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.109195                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.109195                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116747755                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62350063                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2527704                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1252155                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40502542                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21275317                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35394226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             398169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            82.283323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59656383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59656383                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8601578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8601578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6304472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6304472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14906050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14906050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14906050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14906050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3371                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3371                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         6836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          6836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         6836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         6836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    153165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    482470000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    482470000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    635635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    635635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    635635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    635635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8605043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8605043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6307843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6307843                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14912886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14912886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14912886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14912886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44203.463203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44203.463203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143123.702166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143123.702166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92983.469865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92983.469865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92983.469865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92983.469865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         1997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     91471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    477492500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    477492500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    568963500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    568963500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    568963500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    568963500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61804.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61804.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142153.170586                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142153.170586                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 117578.735276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117578.735276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 117578.735276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117578.735276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             372409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           373.155311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36088567                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36088567                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      9020863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9020863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      9020863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         9020863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      9020863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        9020863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13147500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13147500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13147500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13147500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13147500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13147500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      9021892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9021892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      9021892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      9021892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      9021892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      9021892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12776.967930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12776.967930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12776.967930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12776.967930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12776.967930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12776.967930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11979500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11979500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11979500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11979500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11979500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11979500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11991.491491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11991.491491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11991.491491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11991.491491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11991.491491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11991.491491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3942                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.288179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       49.361982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst               25                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16309.638018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13801                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     97278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    97278                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3662                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3662                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          998                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              998                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            998                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                998                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           896                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               896                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 998                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 899                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1897                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          584                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             584                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    472320000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     472320000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     79807000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     79807000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    552127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        552127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    552127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       552127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3662                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3662                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          998                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          998                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          998                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            998                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.394595                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.394595                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.814179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.674949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.814179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.674949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140780.923994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140780.923994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 136655.821918                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136655.821918                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140169.332318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140169.332318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140169.332318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140169.332318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          584                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          584                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    438770000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438770000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     73967000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73967000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    512737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    512737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.394595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.814179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.674949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.814179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.674949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130780.923994                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130780.923994                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 126655.821918                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126655.821918                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130169.332318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130169.332318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130169.332318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130169.332318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7873                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3934                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              947                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       443264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       443264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  443264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3939    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            20830500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21725000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11675                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5837                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             17                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3358                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           999                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1480                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       127744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       544064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 671808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3943                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    191168                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051495                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9754     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     26      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10497500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1498500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7259000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
