
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5389372476125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              147450122                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                273764985                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              393240495                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    38.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5724666732                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10628771564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12135616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12135616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        28352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           28352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          189619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         794874072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             794874072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1857035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1857035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1857035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        794874072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            796731108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189619                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        443                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189619                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      443                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12131904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   27648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12135616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                28352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     58                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267300000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189619                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  443                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.983391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.777020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.428505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43795     45.01%     45.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43623     44.84%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8659      8.90%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1085      1.12%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          103      0.11%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6843.925926                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6625.413796                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1683.692346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      3.70%      3.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.70%      7.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.70%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      7.41%     18.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     11.11%     29.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5     18.52%     48.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            6     22.22%     70.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.70%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.70%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     11.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               27    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4669616000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8223884750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  947805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24633.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43383.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       794.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    794.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92323                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     379                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80328.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345690240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183738720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               670881540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1545120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1612984290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24500160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5187029070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110940960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          1109640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9343728780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.007478                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11666587750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10008750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      2322500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    289171500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3080881625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11375093750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348974640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185503395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               682591140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 709920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1632078150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24689760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5158568400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       118524960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          1181040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9358745085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.991036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11623818750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9966000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      2619500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    308528000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3123225500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11312879125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                 881609                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted           881609                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            29706                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              642345                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  24781                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              3702                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         642345                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            390890                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          251455                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        11286                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     535870                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      44658                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144689                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          743                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     762576                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            777116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       2614175                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                     881609                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            415671                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29698651                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  60188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        10768                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   761346                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4212                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30517318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.172205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.040754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29463602     96.55%     96.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   11064      0.04%     96.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  394943      1.29%     97.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   20689      0.07%     97.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   87721      0.29%     98.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   33675      0.11%     98.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   79167      0.26%     98.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   13689      0.04%     98.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  412768      1.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30517318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.028872                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.085613                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  334428                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29486155                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   404917                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               261724                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 30094                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               4574832                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 30094                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  409524                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28430447                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          6283                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   528976                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1111994                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               4430677                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                25983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                988771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 60501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            5311731                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             12332083                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         5848458                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            40947                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2858701                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 2453031                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               129                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1721063                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              765138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              60849                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3971                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3715                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   4240713                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3301                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3401204                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5515                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1879401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3813941                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3301                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30517318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.111452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.586125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28948253     94.86%     94.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             725789      2.38%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             350831      1.15%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             237175      0.78%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             130718      0.43%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              51181      0.17%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              42679      0.14%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18159      0.06%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              12533      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30517318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9820     70.60%     70.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  996      7.16%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2527     18.17%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  211      1.52%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              315      2.26%     99.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              40      0.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             9989      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              2766984     81.35%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 854      0.03%     81.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                10327      0.30%     81.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13825      0.41%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              547813     16.11%     98.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              47259      1.39%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3997      0.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           156      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3401204                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.111388                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13909                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004089                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          37301613                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          6086595                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3295130                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              37537                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             36824                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        15616                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3385784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  19340                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5259                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       338987                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        31048                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1314                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 30094                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               27100072                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               221300                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            4244014                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               765138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               60849                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  7361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                14441                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         16281                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        18135                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               34416                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3356681                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               535635                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            44523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      580279                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  474007                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     44644                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.109930                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3319893                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3310746                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2235023                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  3936083                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.108426                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.567829                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1879611                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            30091                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30252627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.078162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.508069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29201951     96.53%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       473174      1.56%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       138597      0.46%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       344219      1.14%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27610      0.09%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17981      0.06%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3953      0.01%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3611      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        41531      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30252627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1186828                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2364613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        455952                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       426151                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    417519                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     12840                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2352115                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3738      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1884631     79.70%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            210      0.01%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9282      0.39%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10800      0.46%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         424111     17.94%     98.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         29801      1.26%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2040      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2364613                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                41531                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    34455320                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                    8754083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            118                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          17370                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1186828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2364613                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.727981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.727981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038868                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038868                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3783035                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                2799862                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    27044                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   13479                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2583183                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1082058                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1761948                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           229283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             171159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           229283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.746497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2457047                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2457047                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       143098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         143098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        28868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         28868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       171966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          171966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       171966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         171966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       384042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       384042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          933                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          933                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       384975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        384975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       384975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       384975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31804861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31804861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37067998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37067998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31841928998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31841928998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31841928998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31841928998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       527140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       527140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       556941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       556941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       556941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       556941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.728539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031308                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031308                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.691231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.691231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.691231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.691231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82816.100843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82816.100843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39729.901393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39729.901393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82711.679974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82711.679974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82711.679974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82711.679974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12290                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              682                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.020528                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       155689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       155689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       155692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       155692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       155692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       155692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       229283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       229283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18771863500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18771863500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35951998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35951998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18807815498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18807815498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18807815498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18807815498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.433192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.411683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.411683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82205.460406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82205.460406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38658.062366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38658.062366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82028.826812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82028.826812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82028.826812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82028.826812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3045384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3045384                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       761346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         761346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       761346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          761346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       761346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         761346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       761346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       761346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       761346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       761346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       761346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       761346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    189619                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      262870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    189619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.386306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks              13                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            16371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3855155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3855155                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2376                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2376                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               660                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   660                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         39004                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             39004                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                39664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    39664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               39664                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   39664                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189349                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189349                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             189619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 189619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            189619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                189619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27315000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      27315000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17991613500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17991613500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18018928500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18018928500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18018928500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18018928500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2376                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2376                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           930                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               930                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       228353                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        228353                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           229283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               229283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          229283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              229283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290323                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.290323                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.829194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.829194                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.827009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.827009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.827009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.827009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95018.265214                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95018.265214                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95027.019972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95027.019972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95027.019972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95027.019972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  443                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       443                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189349                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189349                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        189619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            189619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           189619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24615000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24615000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16098123500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16098123500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16122738500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16122738500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16122738500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16122738500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.829194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.827009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.827009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.827009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.827009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85018.265214                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85018.265214                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85027.019972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85027.019972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85027.019972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85027.019972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        379227                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189619                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189349                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189349                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       568846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       568846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 568846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12163968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12163968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12163968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            189619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  189619    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              189619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           452065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1026357500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       458566                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       229285                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          648                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            228353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2819                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          416083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              930                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             930                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       228353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       687849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                687849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14826176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14826176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          189619                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     28352                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           418902                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001580                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 418240     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    662      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             418902                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          231659000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         343924500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
