
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5084025593625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              121638687                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                225767943                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              325804610                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5700039216                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10579581098                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12398848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12398848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        30272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           30272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         812115578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             812115578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1982794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1982794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1982794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        812115578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            814098372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193733                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        473                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193733                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      473                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12393728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   30848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12398912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                30272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     81                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267391000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193733                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  473                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.930806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.913034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.970712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42290     43.54%     43.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43971     45.28%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9372      9.65%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1316      1.36%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          134      0.14%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6588.133333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6453.084209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1393.875043                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.33%      3.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            3     10.00%     13.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      6.67%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            8     26.67%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5     16.67%     63.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     10.00%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.33%     76.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            5     16.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.066667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.062941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.365148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               29     96.67%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      3.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4780450500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8411425500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  968260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24685.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43435.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       811.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    812.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96586                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     422                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78614.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344512140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183112545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               686896560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 558540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1608706440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24322080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5214957360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        92094720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9360469425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.103979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11676814250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9018500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    239845250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3071651375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11436969000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348967500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185450265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               695778720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1957500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1633259760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24541440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5190218790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        92031360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9376899735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.180152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11622408250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9515500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    239669500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3125616000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11382943125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1684555                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1684555                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            75890                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1350349                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  54120                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8649                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1350349                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            705077                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          645272                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        26532                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     795897                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      64507                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       151129                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1137                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1366062                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7184                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1399535                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4992239                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1684555                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            759197                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28933752                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 156484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        59500                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1358878                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9036                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30476099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.329881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.448652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28556896     93.70%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   31284      0.10%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  657818      2.16%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   32494      0.11%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  134940      0.44%     96.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   75243      0.25%     96.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   88649      0.29%     97.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   28979      0.10%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  869796      2.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30476099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.055169                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.163494                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  718219                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28411227                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   951638                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               316773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 78242                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8256360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 78242                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  818145                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27123957                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         32231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1089278                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1334246                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7903987                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                81274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1011342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                268112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9402739                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21813457                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10451849                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            40140                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3170706                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6231878                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               342                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           424                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1990251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1399932                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              94499                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4422                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7469032                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5756                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5349190                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6670                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4831568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9768480                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5756                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30476099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.175521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.773447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28338185     92.98%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             825155      2.71%     95.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             442271      1.45%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             301917      0.99%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             324147      1.06%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             105361      0.35%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              85365      0.28%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              31425      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22273      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30476099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12367     67.76%     67.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1273      6.97%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4230     23.18%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  304      1.67%     99.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               31      0.17%     99.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              47      0.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            22630      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4392832     82.12%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1444      0.03%     82.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11284      0.21%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              16339      0.31%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              832907     15.57%     98.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              69406      1.30%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2159      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           189      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5349190                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.175184                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      18252                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003412                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41160444                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12274198                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5110211                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              38957                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             32168                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        17786                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5324757                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  20055                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5191                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       911121                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          196                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        62362                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           45                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1447                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 78242                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24986785                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               282880                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7474788                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5202                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1399932                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               94499                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2129                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20553                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                80922                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         39606                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        47795                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               87401                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5243383                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               795628                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           105807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      860114                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  612953                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     64486                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.171719                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5148764                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5127997                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3800268                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5987600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.167940                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.634690                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4832415                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            78237                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29783816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.088743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.557894                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28660172     96.23%     96.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       513034      1.72%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122552      0.41%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       328810      1.10%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64017      0.21%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33098      0.11%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7669      0.03%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4759      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        49705      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29783816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1322433                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2643093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        520922                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       488785                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    467407                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     12838                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2630066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5675                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3905      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2097568     79.36%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            227      0.01%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9491      0.36%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10980      0.42%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         486927     18.42%     98.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         32137      1.22%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1858      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2643093                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                49705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37209619                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15645408                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            485                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          58589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1322433                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2643093                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.089781                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.089781                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043309                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043309                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5300075                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4456978                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    31666                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   15734                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3169356                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1401694                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2721591                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           246940                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             376068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           246940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.522912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          711                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3517932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3517932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        31115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31115                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       374117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          374117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       374117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         374117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       442609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       442609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1022                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1022                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       443631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        443631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       443631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       443631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35073568000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35073568000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41861999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     41861999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35115429999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35115429999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35115429999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35115429999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       785611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       785611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        32137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       817748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       817748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       817748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       817748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.563395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.563395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031801                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031801                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.542503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.542503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.542503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.542503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79242.780874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79242.780874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40960.860078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40960.860078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79154.590186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79154.590186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79154.590186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79154.590186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23909                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1072                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.303172                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       196683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       196691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       196691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       245926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       246940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       246940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       246940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19325885500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19325885500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39872499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39872499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19365757999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19365757999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19365757999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19365757999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.313038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.301976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.301976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78584.149297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78584.149297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39321.991124                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39321.991124                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78422.928643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78422.928643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78422.928643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78422.928643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5435512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5435512                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1358878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1358878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1358878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1358878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1358878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1358878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1358878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1358878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1358878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1358878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1358878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1358878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193739                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      285780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.475077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.733137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.266863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4142227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4142227                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2359                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2359                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               706                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   706                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         52503                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             52503                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                53209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    53209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               53209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   53209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193423                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193423                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30610000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      30610000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18375587500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18375587500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18406197500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18406197500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18406197500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18406197500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2359                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2359                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       245926                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        245926                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           246940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               246940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          246940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              246940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303748                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.303748                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.786509                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.786509                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.784527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.784527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.784527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.784527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99383.116883                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99383.116883                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95002.080931                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95002.080931                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95009.046048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95009.046048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95009.046048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95009.046048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          308                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            308                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193423                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193423                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27530000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27530000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16441357500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16441357500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16468887500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16468887500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16468887500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16468887500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.786509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.784527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.784527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.784527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.784527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89383.116883                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89383.116883                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85002.080931                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85002.080931                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85009.046048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85009.046048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85009.046048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85009.046048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387458                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193731                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       581189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       581189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12429056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12429056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12429056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193733                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193733    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193733                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           455989500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1047207750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       493880                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       246940                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          605                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            245926                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          437847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       245926                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       740820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                740820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15955136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15955136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193739                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     30272                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           440679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001405                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 440060     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    619      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             440679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          249299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         370410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
