
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10565002134500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              113836123                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                212725885                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              279886013                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6209580521                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11603862569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9971840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9996544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9925440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9925440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155085                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155085                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1618094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653148309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654766403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1618094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1618094                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650109143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650109143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650109143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1618094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653148309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304875546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155085                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155085                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9996608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9925184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9996544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9925440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267449000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155085                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    720.556753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   565.822735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   356.645886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1908      6.90%      6.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2326      8.41%     15.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2112      7.64%     22.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1888      6.83%     29.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1705      6.17%     35.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1704      6.16%     42.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1280      4.63%     46.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1200      4.34%     51.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13523     48.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.128872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.076856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.610829                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-3               1      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             49      0.51%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            94      0.97%      1.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9386     96.92%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           107      1.10%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            25      0.26%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.014147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012775                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.226569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9639     99.54%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               16      0.17%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                4      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2893694750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5822388500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18526.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37276.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142605                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141025                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49047.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99388800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52818810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560632800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405938520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         754163280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1511468430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63498720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2090905350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       327656640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1572283620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7438771080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.234127                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11787355000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42562000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319732375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6348664000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    853247500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3117694750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4585443500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98017920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52097760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554613780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403584300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         747402240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1517648370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62404800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2080979370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       311737440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1582144920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7410742920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.398302                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11705973875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42123000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6401034875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    811759250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3132067250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4563545750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1334366                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1334366                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1326337                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4296                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1326337                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1286683                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           39654                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4989                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351001                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1319381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          980                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2718                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      52793                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          344                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             76397                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5826056                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1334366                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1290979                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30412810                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14924                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1492                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52555                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30498374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.663811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28799302     94.43%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39982      0.13%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42685      0.14%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225121      0.74%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27473      0.09%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9232      0.03%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9594      0.03%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25190      0.08%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1319795      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30498374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190801                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  428985                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28588586                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   640841                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               832500                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7462                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11680963                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7462                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  706616                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 274471                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1194559                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28299322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11645344                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28004911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14821330                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24640814                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13383978                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           308893                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14543188                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  278142                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               153                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5063552                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1327711                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17709                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11580125                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                890                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11515820                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2126                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         182164                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       263672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           763                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30498374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.256161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27376486     89.76%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             468976      1.54%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             569497      1.87%     93.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347308      1.14%     94.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             339066      1.11%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1087604      3.57%     98.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119412      0.39%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             165030      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24995      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30498374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73125     94.21%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  410      0.53%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   829      1.07%     95.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  219      0.28%     96.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2796      3.60%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             240      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4563      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9752595     84.69%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 116      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  342      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83238      0.72%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307549      2.67%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1279363     11.11%     99.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46518      0.40%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41536      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11515820                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377139                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77619                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53228106                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11554673                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11303726                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             381653                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            208731                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       187043                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11396392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 192484                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2605                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25406                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          239                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13958                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          693                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7462                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  58136                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               175639                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11581015                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1327711                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               393                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   401                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               175076                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           239                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2005                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7056                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9061                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11499197                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350845                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16623                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1670189                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1305512                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1319344                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376595                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11494442                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11490769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8390208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11791664                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376319                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711537                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         182467                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7287                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30468874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27442086     90.07%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       337974      1.11%     91.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322369      1.06%     92.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1167664      3.83%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63402      0.21%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       751991      2.47%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72592      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22336      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288460      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30468874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5634459                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11398851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1650494                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336741                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298258                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    183567                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11301724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2367      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9664356     84.78%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81269      0.71%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292426      2.57%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1272763     11.17%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44315      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40990      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11398851                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               288460                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41761732                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23192687                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            321                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          36315                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5634459                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11398851                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.419276                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.419276                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13146901                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8720034                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   288238                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144818                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6511747                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5782594                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4288744                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155870                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1502323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.638308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6798742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6798742                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       342886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1502314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1502314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1502314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1502314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    393578000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    393578000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13936345497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13936345497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14329923497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14329923497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14329923497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14329923497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       346935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       346935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1313783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1313783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1660718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1660718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1660718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1660718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97203.754013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97203.754013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90287.619429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90287.619429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90464.404289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90464.404289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90464.404289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90464.404289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16835                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              189                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    89.074074                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163719000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163719000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781445497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13781445497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945164497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945164497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945164497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945164497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117483                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117483                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106935.989549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106935.989549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89288.716315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89288.716315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89462.044015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89462.044015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89462.044015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89462.044015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.998982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              13533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.223011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.998982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           210933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          210933                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        51700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          51700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        51700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           51700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        51700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          51700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54614500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54614500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54614500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54614500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54614500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54614500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63876.608187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63876.608187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63876.608187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63876.608187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63876.608187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63876.608187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          704                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              704                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46486000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46486000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65197.755961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65197.755961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65197.755961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65197.755961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65197.755961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65197.755961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156823                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       57.197779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        35.125813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16291.676407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          944                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8641                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2661879                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2661879                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154803                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154803                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          703                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              703                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            320                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                320                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  59                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          386                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              386                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13549606000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13549606000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42026500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42026500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160930500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    160930500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42026500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13710536500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13752563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42026500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13710536500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13752563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154803                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154803                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          703                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          703                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546742                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.546742                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973873                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.973873                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.546742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.546742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87802.008813                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87802.008813                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108876.943005                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108876.943005                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107934.607646                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107934.607646                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108876.943005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87994.663406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88046.268494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108876.943005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87994.663406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88046.268494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155085                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155085                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          386                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          386                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1491                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1491                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12006370500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12006370500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38166500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38166500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    146020500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146020500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38166500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12152391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12190557500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38166500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12152391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12190557500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77802.282933                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77802.282933                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98876.943005                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98876.943005                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97934.607646                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97934.607646                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98876.943005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77994.936140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78046.540885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98876.943005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77994.936140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78046.540885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312493                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156315                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19921984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19921984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19921984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156196    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821507750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313165                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156576                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          138                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            610                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          610                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2244                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2805                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19883072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19973312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156830                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9925888                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312666     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    748      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312089500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1069500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233809998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
