
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10824546984625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               80606412                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                150820258                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              195221741                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    78.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6303833126                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11794917164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          26176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9943680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9969856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        26176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         26176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9897536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9897536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154649                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154649                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1714509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         651303849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653018359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1714509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1714509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648281451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648281451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648281451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1714509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        651303849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1301299809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155778                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154649                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155778                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154649                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9969792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9897984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9969792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9897536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267293000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155778                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154649                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    717.780845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   557.063747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.429648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2073      7.49%      7.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2574      9.30%     16.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1959      7.08%     23.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1832      6.62%     30.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1518      5.48%     35.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1391      5.03%     40.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1596      5.77%     46.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1307      4.72%     51.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13429     48.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.128481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.074989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.605590                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7              12      0.12%      0.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             39      0.40%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           114      1.18%      1.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9344     96.74%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           105      1.09%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            26      0.27%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011595                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.206716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9623     99.63%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2890788250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5811625750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  778890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18557.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37307.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142264                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140490                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49181.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                100045680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 53179335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559533240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405348660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         757851120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1507846080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63049440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2096912010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       333933120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1569613380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7447401285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.799399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11744916500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43118750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     321228000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6328165125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    869595250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3106838750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4598398250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97589520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51866265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               552728820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              401955660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1500767820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63537120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2079519600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       318156480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1588734840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7402873005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.882829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11810672250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43011500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317056000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6421838000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    828540750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3096576500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4560321375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1342948                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1342948                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7678                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1332881                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               884                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1332881                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1290932                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41949                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5362                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     514011                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1327144                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          939                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2609                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64359                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          374                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             90111                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6090362                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1342948                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1295192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30396938                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1743                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64085                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2252                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30497089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.404230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.681180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28626263     93.87%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   49451      0.16%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   54027      0.18%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  335198      1.10%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   38706      0.13%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   20150      0.07%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   20505      0.07%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   36189      0.12%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1316600      4.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30497089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043981                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.199457                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  425657                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28515394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   741549                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               806404                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12252634                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  719513                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 283312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15178                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1252697                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28218304                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12213618                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 25914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27898476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15702747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25728575                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14100645                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           449614                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15387619                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  315128                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           165                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4928263                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              526111                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1336317                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30482                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           22964                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12142546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12069535                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2142                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         202430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       295632                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           719                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30497089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.395760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.300555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27276902     89.44%     89.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             501984      1.65%     91.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             540233      1.77%     92.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             387758      1.27%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             331973      1.09%     95.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1045021      3.43%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             174462      0.57%     99.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             186006      0.61%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              52750      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30497089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  82533     92.91%     92.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  588      0.66%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     93.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1092      1.23%     94.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  256      0.29%     95.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4147      4.67%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             218      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5691      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10094433     83.64%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  96      0.00%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  323      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             123015      1.02%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              447987      3.71%     88.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1274864     10.56%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69292      0.57%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53834      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12069535                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.395273                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      88834                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007360                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54176714                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12044539                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11771975                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             550421                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            301559                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       269993                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11875052                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 277626                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2451                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28726                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          266                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14972                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          835                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  74668                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               168374                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12143413                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               526111                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1336317                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               381                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   563                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               167535                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           266                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9666                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             12051461                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               513771                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1840870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1312146                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1327099                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.394681                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      12045885                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     12041968                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8832869                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12203079                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.394370                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.723823                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         202698                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7887                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30464885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.391959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27358646     89.80%     89.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       408292      1.34%     91.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       317512      1.04%     92.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1147213      3.77%     95.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68087      0.22%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       638006      2.09%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        91057      0.30%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        41268      0.14%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       394804      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30464885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5872085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11940983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1818730                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       497385                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1304465                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    265045                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11797169                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3228      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9998283     83.73%     83.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        120392      1.01%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         431224      3.61%     88.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1268155     10.62%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66161      0.55%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53190      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11940983                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               394804                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42213762                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24320126                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            347                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          37599                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5872085                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11940983                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.199974                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.199974                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.192309                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.192309                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13840635                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9185478                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   420134                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  215114                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6544039                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6103974                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4474027                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155441                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1672644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.760636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          922                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7481065                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7481065                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       504976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         504976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1167666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1167666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1672642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1672642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1672642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1672642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158764                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    461616500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461616500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13885040500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13885040500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14346657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14346657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14346657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14346657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       510021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       510021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1321385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1321385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1831406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1831406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1831406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1831406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.116332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91499.801784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91499.801784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90327.418862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90327.418862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90364.673352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90364.673352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90364.673352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90364.673352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18893                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          317                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              214                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.285047                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   105.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    183818500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183818500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13730002000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13730002000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13913820500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13913820500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13913820500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13913820500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116323                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116323                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105825.273460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105825.273460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89325.808194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89325.808194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89510.180515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89510.180515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89510.180515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89510.180515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             458646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           600.321990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           257107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          257107                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64980.561555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64980.561555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64980.561555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64980.561555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64980.561555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64980.561555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           15                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50241500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50241500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50241500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50241500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50241500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50241500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65503.911343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65503.911343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65503.911343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65503.911343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65503.911343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65503.911343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156435                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       60.843434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        37.538446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16285.618119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6979                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2655523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2655523                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154134                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154134                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          763                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              763                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            356                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                356                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153680                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153680                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          409                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              409                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1689                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1689                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155778                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13499131000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13499131000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45331500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     45331500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    180613500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    180613500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45331500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13679744500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13725076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45331500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13679744500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13725076000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154134                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154134                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          763                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          763                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153704                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153704                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          765                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            765                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1737                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1737                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534641                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.534641                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.534641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.534641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87839.217855                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87839.217855                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110834.963325                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110834.963325                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106935.168739                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106935.168739                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110834.963325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88046.807922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88106.638935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110834.963325                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88046.807922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88106.638935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154649                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154649                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153680                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153680                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          409                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          409                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1689                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1689                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11962331000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11962331000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41241500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41241500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163723500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163723500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41241500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12126054500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12167296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41241500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12126054500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12167296000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77839.217855                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77839.217855                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100834.963325                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100834.963325                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96935.168739                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96935.168739                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100834.963325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78046.807922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78106.638935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100834.963325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78046.807922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78106.638935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311680                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155917                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19867328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19867328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19867328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155778    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           935187500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          819385000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312416                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156206                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          141                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            627                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          627                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2504                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308783                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        97856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19812800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19910656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156437                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9897664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312646                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002456                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 311878     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    768      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312646                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1150500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233163000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
