
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               671763141500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               10908145                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 20641971                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              116625256                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1220024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   130.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1427978436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2702228026                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10440000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10440448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      4144384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4144384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          163125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              163132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         64756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              64756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             29344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         683812451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             683841794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        29344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            29344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       271454155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            271454155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       271454155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            29344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        683812451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            955295949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      163133                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      64756                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    163133                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    64756                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10440512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 4144320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10440512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              4144384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              3855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              4029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              4018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             4222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             4172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             4166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             4226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             4202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             4218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267404000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                163133                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                64756                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  153071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   10043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   4036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   4036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   4036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   4036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   4036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   4038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   4037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   4041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   4037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   4043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   4044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   4046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   4044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   4036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        38905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    374.893099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   231.532265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   348.240859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10500     26.99%     26.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9179     23.59%     50.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4790     12.31%     62.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2992      7.69%     70.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2072      5.33%     75.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1409      3.62%     79.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1045      2.69%     82.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          773      1.99%     84.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6145     15.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        38905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      40.447225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     29.065352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     56.967831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           3269     81.00%     81.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           276      6.84%     87.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95           184      4.56%     92.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           88      2.18%     94.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           45      1.11%     95.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           52      1.29%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           27      0.67%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           24      0.59%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           19      0.47%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           11      0.27%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            7      0.17%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            7      0.17%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      0.10%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            8      0.20%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            5      0.12%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            6      0.15%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          4036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.044351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.041936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.289023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             3939     97.60%     97.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               16      0.40%     97.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               80      1.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          4036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2637249000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5695992750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  815665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16166.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34916.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       683.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       271.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    683.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    271.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   146155                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   42829                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                66.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      66994.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    82.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                135538620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 72048075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               576797760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              164842380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         993258240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1748971470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             54191040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2769134100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       566626080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        978276600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8059959555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            527.921522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11289066875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     57860500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     421048000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3741895750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1475614500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3498070500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6072854875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                142235940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 75596400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               587971860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              173178720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1043044080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1754628150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             52886880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2934213510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       652903680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        838620540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8255499240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            540.729230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11281294875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     54721250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     442156000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3146310250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1700288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3489172000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6434696625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2334768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2334768                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            39035                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1834895                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 281546                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             31350                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1834895                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            905389                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          929506                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          296                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2291768                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1511060                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        12182                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          131                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     949457                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            2                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            981591                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      10228629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2334768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1186935                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29513607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  78108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   949455                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.704026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.128297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27030026     88.52%     88.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  359303      1.18%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  120806      0.40%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  189443      0.62%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  229949      0.75%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  240495      0.79%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  260652      0.85%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  187235      0.61%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1916356      6.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.076463                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.334984                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  878724                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26578610                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2439619                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               598258                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 39054                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              20880943                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 39054                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1089331                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25001882                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          3141                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2748939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1651918                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              20530479                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               163374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1317226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                166891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           22674826                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             51947961                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        31310399                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             19846465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 2828383                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                36                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            36                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3434806                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2713734                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1565018                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            12381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           58135                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  20288598                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4507                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 18831533                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              556                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2397195                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4271591                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.616734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.578795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25270341     82.76%     82.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             997523      3.27%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             773220      2.53%     88.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             985993      3.23%     91.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             838702      2.75%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             708942      2.32%     96.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             449916      1.47%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             346447      1.13%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             163181      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 209029     98.01%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4238      1.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    2      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2239      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             14993000     79.62%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2323417     12.34%     91.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1512877      8.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              18831533                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.616726                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     213269                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.011325                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          68411153                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         22690319                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     18712114                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              19042563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          303385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       544350                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          743                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 39054                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               20634378                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               144117                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           20293105                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2713734                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1565018                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1773                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 47954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  208                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7169                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               42673                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             18784828                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2291768                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            46702                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3802828                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2085320                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1511060                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.615196                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      18751594                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     18712114                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 13748440                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 23451110                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.612815                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.586260                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2397171                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            39037                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30217657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.592234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.876670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26763053     88.57%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       424777      1.41%     89.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       215730      0.71%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       607673      2.01%     92.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       315488      1.04%     93.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       248568      0.82%     94.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       148818      0.49%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       129437      0.43%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1364113      4.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30217657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             8760601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              17895919                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       3629300                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2169387                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2044306                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 17894254                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              140837                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1665      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        14264954     79.71%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2169387     12.12%     91.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1459913      8.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         17895919                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1364113                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    49146634                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   40902846                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              4                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8760601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     17895919                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.485456                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.485456                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.286907                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.286907                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                27942683                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               15144516                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 11327720                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5597674                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                8122603                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           164765                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1015121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           164765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.161023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         13925489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        13925489                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1700907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1700907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1451383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1451383                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3152290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3152290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3152290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3152290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       279361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       279361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         8530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       287891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        287891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       287891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       287891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23919008500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23919008500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    779868500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    779868500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24698877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24698877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24698877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24698877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1980268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1980268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1459913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1459913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3440181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3440181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3440181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3440181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.141072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.141072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005843                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005843                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.083685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.083685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.083685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.083685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85620.428406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85620.428406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91426.553341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91426.553341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85792.459646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85792.459646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85792.459646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85792.459646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    71.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        75346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            75346                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       122920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       123125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       123125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       123125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       123125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       156441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       164766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       164766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       164766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       164766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13545202500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13545202500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    738123500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    738123500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14283326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14283326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14283326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14283326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.079000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.047895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86583.456383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86583.456383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88663.483483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88663.483483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86688.552250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86688.552250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86688.552250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86688.552250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.469744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            6374401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                7                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         910628.714286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1023.469744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3797827                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3797827                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       949444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         949444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       949444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          949444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       949444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         949444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       949455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       949455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       949455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       949455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       949455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       949455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76090.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76090.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76090.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76090.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       593500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       593500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       593500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       593500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       593500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       593500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84785.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84785.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84785.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84785.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84785.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84785.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    163151                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      164995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    163151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.011302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        2.856729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.567413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16380.575858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          733                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2799511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2799511                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        75346                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            75346                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               233                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   233                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1407                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1407                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1640                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1640                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            8279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       154847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          154847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             163126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 163133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            163126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                163133                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    752361000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     752361000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       582000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       582000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13266491500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  13266491500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14018852500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      14019434500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14018852500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     14019434500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        75346                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        75346                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          8512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              8512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       156254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        156254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           164766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               164773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          164766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              164773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.972627                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990995                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990995                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.990046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.990047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.990046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.990047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90875.830414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90875.830414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83142.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83142.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85674.837097                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85674.837097                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83142.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85938.798843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85938.678869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83142.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85938.798843                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85938.678869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                64756                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     64756                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154847                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       154847                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        163126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            163133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       163126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           163133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    669571000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    669571000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       512000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       512000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11718031500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11718031500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12387602500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12388114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12387602500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12388114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.990047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.990047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80875.830414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80875.830414                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73142.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73142.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75674.901677                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75674.901677                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73142.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75938.860145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75938.740169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73142.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75938.860145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75938.740169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        326251                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       163119                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             154853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        64756                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            98362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        154854                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       489383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       489383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 489383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14584832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     14584832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                14584832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            163133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  163133    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              163133                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           623829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          861028500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       329545                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       164772                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             36                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           36                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            156260                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       140102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          187814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       156254                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       494296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                494317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15367104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15368000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          163151                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   4144384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           327924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010622                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 327887     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     37      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             327924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          240125500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         247147500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
