
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3099270857375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              108547183                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                200966660                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              300320168                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    50.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5518199582                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10216518825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11903424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11903552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        61952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           61952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          185991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              185993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         779665664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             779674048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4057811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4057811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4057811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        779665664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            783731859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      185993                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        968                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    185993                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11896128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   61568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11903552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                61952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    116                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267288500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                185993                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    122.923026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.622800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.345161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46022     47.31%     47.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41505     42.67%     89.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8524      8.76%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1071      1.10%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          114      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           60                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3074.716667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2983.553305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    767.054372                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            2      3.33%      3.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            4      6.67%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      3.33%     13.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            5      8.33%     21.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           11     18.33%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           12     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            7     11.67%     71.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      5.00%     76.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      5.00%     81.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      5.00%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      3.33%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            4      6.67%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      1.67%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      1.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            60                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           60                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.033333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.031440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.258199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               59     98.33%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            60                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4598856250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8084050000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  929385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24741.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43491.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       779.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    779.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    88740                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     822                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      81660.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346525620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184190325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               662220720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2646540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1589291100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24611520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5221051800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       103022880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9338869545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.689202                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11718554000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9672000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    268429750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3029213500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11450168875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348032160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184987275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               664941060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2375100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1600725870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24215520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5205661230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       106750080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9342997335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.959569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11693288500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9609750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    278354750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3054434750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11415084875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1891895                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1891895                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            90210                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1386328                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  76265                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10894                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1386328                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            784982                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          601346                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        32568                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     948461                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     107463                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       174020                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1684                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1531629                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5920                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1574464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5819466                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1891895                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            861247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28772972                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 184414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        48247                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1525709                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13305                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30490674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.563001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28293058     92.79%     92.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   26488      0.09%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  704870      2.31%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   47862      0.16%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  152577      0.50%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  104601      0.34%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  109087      0.36%     96.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   38923      0.13%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1013208      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30490674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.061959                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190585                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  826082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28084061                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1137388                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               350936                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 92207                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9790444                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 92207                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  943617                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26664926                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19268                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1287726                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1482930                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9363315                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               107509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1090966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                334146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11164986                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25723445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12652616                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            86949                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4158849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7006090                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               321                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           419                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2163896                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1594283                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             145544                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             9344                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8805412                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6963                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6495564                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            10302                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5354278                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10563263                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6962                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30490674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.213034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.870274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28018864     91.89%     91.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             892630      2.93%     94.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             512087      1.68%     96.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             357257      1.17%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             364527      1.20%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             142890      0.47%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117373      0.38%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              50175      0.16%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34871      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30490674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22223     71.70%     71.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2637      8.51%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5305     17.12%     97.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  497      1.60%     98.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              320      1.03%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              12      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            27577      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5299697     81.59%     82.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1574      0.02%     82.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                23703      0.36%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              32754      0.50%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              989755     15.24%     98.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             113819      1.75%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6653      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            32      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6495564                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.212727                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      30994                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004772                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43440798                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14094830                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6192698                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              82298                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             71826                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        35901                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6456571                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  42410                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           11794                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       999108                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          305                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        74431                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          972                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 92207                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24249401                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               288902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8812375                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5799                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1594283                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              145544                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2533                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18018                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                79145                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         47901                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56670                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              104571                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6361128                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               947879                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           134434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1055326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  741666                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    107447                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.208325                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6257053                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6228599                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4599822                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7471927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.203984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.615614                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5355317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            92207                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29721308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.116349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.666520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28344438     95.37%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       596364      2.01%     97.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       161983      0.55%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       384287      1.29%     99.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        77755      0.26%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        48600      0.16%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11439      0.04%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9336      0.03%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        87106      0.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29721308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1733709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3458045                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        666280                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       595179                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    569354                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     28344                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3429343                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               12529                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         8565      0.25%      0.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2737726     79.17%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            501      0.01%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           20733      0.60%     80.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         24240      0.70%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         591075     17.09%     97.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         71101      2.06%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4104      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3458045                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                87106                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38447564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18398908                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            365                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          44014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1733709                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3458045                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             17.612349                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       17.612349                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.056778                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.056778                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6888773                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5398207                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    63540                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   31774                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3924371                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1787288                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3192405                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           272024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             517000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           272024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.900568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          519                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4275208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4275208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       446817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         446817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        69986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         69986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       516803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          516803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       516803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         516803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       482878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       482878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       483993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        483993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       483993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       483993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34408467000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34408467000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     76235000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76235000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34484702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34484702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34484702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34484702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       929695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       929695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        71101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1000796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1000796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1000796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1000796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.519394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.519394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.483608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.483608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.483608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.483608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71257.060790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71257.060790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68372.197309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68372.197309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71250.414779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71250.414779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71250.414779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71250.414779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        30431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1056                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.817235                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211970                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       270923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       272023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       272023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       272023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       272023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18953124500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18953124500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     73642500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73642500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19026767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19026767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19026767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19026767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015471                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015471                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.271807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.271807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69957.606036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69957.606036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66947.727273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66947.727273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69945.434761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69945.434761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69945.434761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69945.434761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           292.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6102838                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6102838                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1525706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1525706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1525706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1525706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1525706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1525706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1525709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1525709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1525709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1525709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1525709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1525709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       204500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       204500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    186024                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      358410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    186024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.926687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.635901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.155819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.208280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4537056                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4537056                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2612                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2612                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               416                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   416                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         85615                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             85615                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                86031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    86031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               86031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   86031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             684                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 684                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       185307                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          185307                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             185991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 185993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            185991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                185993                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     67456000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      67456000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       201500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17610701500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17610701500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17678157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17678359000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       201500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17678157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17678359000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2612                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2612                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1100                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1100                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       270922                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        270922                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           272022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               272024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          272022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              272024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.621818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.621818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.683987                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.683987                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.683735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.683737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.683735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.683737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98619.883041                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98619.883041                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95035.273897                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95035.273897                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95048.456646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95048.517955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95048.456646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95048.517955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  968                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       968                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          684                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            684                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       185307                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       185307                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        185991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            185993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       185991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           185993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     60616000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60616000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       181500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15757611500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15757611500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15818227500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15818409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       181500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15818227500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15818409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.621818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.683987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.683735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.683737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.683735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.683737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88619.883041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88619.883041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85035.165968                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85035.165968                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85048.349114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85048.410424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85048.349114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85048.410424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        371980                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       185996                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             185311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           185019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        185309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       557975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       557975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 557975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11965632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11965632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11965632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            185993                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  185993    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              185993                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           439600500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1007569750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       544050                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       272026                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          329                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             48                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           40                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            270926                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3580                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          454468                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       270922                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       816070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                816076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17576704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17576960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          186024                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     61952                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           458048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000841                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029576                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 457671     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    369      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             458048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          274639000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         408036000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
