
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001329                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1328580000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10993816350000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              613479261                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               1149319170                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              127140998                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6410638734                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12009983887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1454208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1463424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1019584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1019584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           22722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               22866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           6936729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1094558100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1101494829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      6936729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          6936729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       767423866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            767423866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       767423866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          6936729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1094558100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1868918695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       22865                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15931                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     22865                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15931                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1459264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1019968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1463360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1019584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    1328512500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 22865                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15931                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   10542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    7597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        29005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     85.493674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.742035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    55.398351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        23442     80.82%     80.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4500     15.51%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          906      3.12%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          130      0.45%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           12      0.04%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            4      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        29005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.119554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.816920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.825278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13             2      0.20%      0.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15             1      0.10%      0.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            35      3.55%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           118     11.96%     15.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           201     20.36%     36.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           220     22.29%     58.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           171     17.33%     75.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           119     12.06%     87.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            65      6.59%     94.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            27      2.74%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            15      1.52%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             7      0.71%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.10%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             3      0.30%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             2      0.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.146910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.136927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.598933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              919     93.11%     93.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               18      1.82%     94.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               31      3.14%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      1.32%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.51%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    811538500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1239057250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  114005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     35592.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                54342.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1098.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       767.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1101.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    767.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        14.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     8.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    6.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.97                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     8967                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     767                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 39.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 4.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      34243.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    25.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                103587120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 55057860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                81495960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41728680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         105103440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            271441980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              2254560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       328091430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         3049920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              991810950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            746.519555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            727328500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       642000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      44460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      7953000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     556101250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    719423750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                103501440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 55016115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                81303180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               41462460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         105103440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            274627140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              2376480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       325350870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy         2553600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              991294725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            746.131001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            720030250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       760750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      44460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      6646750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     563168250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    713544250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                 347154                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted           347154                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            19362                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              260155                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3448                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               277                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         260155                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits             59700                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          200455                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3567                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     447394                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     213646                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        57532                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     176479                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           65                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    5                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                         2657160                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            192747                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       1679302                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                     347154                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             63148                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      2431568                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  38832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  31                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          225                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           97                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   176440                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 3490                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples           2644084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.125967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.622325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                 2185725     82.66%     82.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   14587      0.55%     83.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   17776      0.67%     83.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   44703      1.69%     85.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   25727      0.97%     86.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   19781      0.75%     87.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   38938      1.47%     88.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17314      0.65%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  279533     10.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total             2644084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.130649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.631991                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  124045                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              2154709                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   264570                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                81344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 19416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               2551654                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 19416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  162234                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                1809594                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          5413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   296018                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               351409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               2448750                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                62303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                127588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                187729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 10300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            2806098                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups              6499921                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         3659154                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups                3                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              1722847                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 1083407                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                66                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            73                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   463215                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              403160                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             252667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            41295                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           10404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   2307717                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1049                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  2176681                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7298                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         805353                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1119642                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           852                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2644084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.823227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.761610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            1972832     74.61%     74.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             196095      7.42%     82.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             108550      4.11%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              93436      3.53%     89.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              85294      3.23%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              75016      2.84%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              51136      1.93%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              33694      1.27%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              28031      1.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        2644084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7310     17.17%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     17.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 21873     51.37%     68.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                13394     31.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            21193      0.97%      0.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              1472869     67.67%     68.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 151      0.01%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   15      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              460600     21.16%     89.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             221851     10.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              2      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               2176681                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.819176                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      42577                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.019561                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           7047317                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3114139                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1989733                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  4                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                10                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               2198063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      2                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            8855                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130670                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104493                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       124112                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 19416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 851547                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               104466                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            2308766                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               403160                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              252667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               393                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13873                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                85321                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         10209                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11122                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               21331                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              2130551                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               447384                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            46130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      661028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  218344                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    213644                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.801815                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       1992779                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      1989733                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  1432840                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  2290670                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.748819                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.625511                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         806206                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            19390                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2522606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.596028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.903661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2220100     88.01%     88.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        55864      2.21%     90.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        26855      1.06%     91.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53272      2.11%     93.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        12159      0.48%     93.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         6951      0.28%     94.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10036      0.40%     94.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8405      0.33%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128964      5.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2522606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              835671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               1503544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        420704                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       272518                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        128                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    182648                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  1490914                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        12501      0.83%      0.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1070215     71.18%     72.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            124      0.01%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         272518     18.13%     90.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        148186      9.86%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          1503544                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               128964                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                     4703392                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                    4741941                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             80                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          13076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     835671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      1503544                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.179672                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.179672                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.314498                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.314498                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3061671                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                1539317                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  1220779                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                  692050                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1143128                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            79471                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             232325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            79471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.923393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          839                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1974943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1974943                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       174468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         174468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       147639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        147639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       322107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          322107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       322107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         322107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       151214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       151214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       151761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        151761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       151761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       151761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6355083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6355083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49190938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49190938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6404273938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6404273938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6404273938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6404273938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       325682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       148186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       148186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       473868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       473868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       473868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       473868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.464300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.464300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003691                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003691                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.320260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.320260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.320260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.320260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42027.080826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42027.080826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89928.588665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89928.588665                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42199.734701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42199.734701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42199.734701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42199.734701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       668511                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            34678                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.277669                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        72019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            72019                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        72196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        72196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        72293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        72293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        72293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        72293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        79018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        79468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        79468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3101256500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3101256500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44655958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44655958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3145912458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3145912458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3145912458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3145912458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.242623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.167701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.167701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39247.468931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39247.468931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99235.462222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99235.462222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39587.160341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39587.160341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39587.160341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39587.160341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              149                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.955888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           26275890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         176348.255034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.955888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          875                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           705909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          705909                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       176263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         176263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       176263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          176263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       176263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         176263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       176440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       176440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       176440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       176440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       176440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       176440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102084.745763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102084.745763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102084.745763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102084.745763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102084.745763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102084.745763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103653.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103653.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103653.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103653.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103653.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103653.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     23016                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       68138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     23016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.960462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        4.827760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         4.667081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16374.505159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1296600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1296600                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        72019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            72019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          149                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              149                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                41                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    41                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              5                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  5                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         56705                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             56705                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                56746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               56746                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56751                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          145                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              145                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        22313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           22313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  22866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22721                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 22866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43405500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      43405500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15271500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     15271500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2354983000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2354983000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15271500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2398388500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2413660000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15271500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2398388500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2413660000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        72019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        72019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          149                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          149                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           449                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               449                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          150                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            150                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        79018                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         79018                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            79467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                79617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           79467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               79617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.908686                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.908686                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.282379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.285917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.287200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.285917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.287200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106386.029412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106386.029412                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105320.689655                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105320.689655                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105543.091471                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105543.091471                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105320.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105558.228071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105556.721770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105320.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105558.228071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105556.721770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15931                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15931                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          145                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22313                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        22313                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             22866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            22866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39325500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39325500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13831500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13831500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2131813000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2131813000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13831500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2171138500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2184970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13831500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2171138500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2184970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.908686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.908686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.287200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.287200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96386.029412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96386.029412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95389.655172                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95389.655172                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95541.298794                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95541.298794                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95389.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95556.467585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95555.409779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95389.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95556.467585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95555.409779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         45881                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        23017                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         22457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        68750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        68750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  68750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2483200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2483200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2483200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             22866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   22866    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               22866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           114395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               8.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          123782750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       159238                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        79632                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           41                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1328580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             79171                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        87950                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           14537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             449                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        79018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       238411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                238859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        19072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9695360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                9714432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           23016                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1019584                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           102634                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000516                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022719                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 102581     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     53      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             102634                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          151787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization             11.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            223500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         119207000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             9.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
