
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               458020323750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3764625                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  7111618                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56231633                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219364                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   271.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1022126266                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1930861854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         255936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             256000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       227456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          227456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16763623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16767815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14898204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14898204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14898204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16763623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31666018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4000                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3554                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4000                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3554                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 256000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  227968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  256000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               227456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15260317000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4000                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3554                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    103.037684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.530628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   141.118097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4087     87.01%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          282      6.00%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           91      1.94%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           65      1.38%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           47      1.00%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           42      0.89%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      0.64%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.66%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      0.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.045000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.850985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.064298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             9      4.50%      4.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            98     49.00%     53.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            55     27.50%     81.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            22     11.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             4      2.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      2.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             2      1.00%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             2      1.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             2      1.00%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             2      1.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.810000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.800022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.579291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18      9.00%      9.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.00%     10.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              180     90.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    386118250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               461118250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     96529.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               115279.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       59                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2806                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2020163.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 19106640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10155420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                16372020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               10476540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1338071280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            506772750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             57846240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3113525820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2516459520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        325413420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7915929660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            518.487669                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13999188875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    100547250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     568078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    620314500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6553333375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     597159000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6827912000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 14429940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  7669695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                8117100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1165972080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            425020500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             50917920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2842224060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2113476960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        741470340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7382843475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            483.570909                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14199562125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     88186500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     495050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2462867000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5503830125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     484425250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6232985250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13149244                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13149244                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1039540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11014025                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 985067                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            206466                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11014025                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3717667                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7296358                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       741281                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10033145                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7591557                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       121121                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        39492                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8986505                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        11943                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9682990                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59399747                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13149244                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4702734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19740981                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2094628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                6701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        56421                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8974562                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               257621                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.722542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.574009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12387055     40.57%     40.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  857225      2.81%     43.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1256046      4.11%     47.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1421197      4.65%     52.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1123186      3.68%     55.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1123749      3.68%     59.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1047785      3.43%     62.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  910813      2.98%     65.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10407351     34.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.430633                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.945320                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8645104                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4242620                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15674231                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               925138                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1047314                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108322385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1047314                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9386440                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3125353                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         22614                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15796489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1156197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103421356                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 75593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    74                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1024167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109963610                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260441359                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155520342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3222632                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69908536                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                40055069                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1050                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1436                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   915287                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11880474                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8943785                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           501752                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          196044                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93554452                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              58208                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83797011                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           426579                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28170123                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40962839                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         58184                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.744347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.515409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9581732     31.38%     31.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2874018      9.41%     40.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3151506     10.32%     51.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3145443     10.30%     61.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3191499     10.45%     71.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2809421      9.20%     81.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3122627     10.23%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1630499      5.34%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1027662      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 793660     72.51%     72.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                15447      1.41%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                106988      9.78%     83.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                88910      8.12%     91.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              987      0.09%     91.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           88501      8.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           504598      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63469270     75.74%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               74803      0.09%     76.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87286      0.10%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1188914      1.42%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10154740     12.12%     90.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7634336      9.11%     99.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         401142      0.48%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        281922      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83797011                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.744322                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1094493                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013061                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         195645243                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118634715                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78416628                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            4004260                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3149181                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1817252                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82365572                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2021334                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1282881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4042957                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11929                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2431                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2519580                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           95                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1047314                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3179774                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1503                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93612660                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            17342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11880474                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8943785                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   100                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1555                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2431                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        299391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1068548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1367939                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81329011                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10026225                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2468002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17610342                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8814147                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7584117                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.663496                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80802083                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80233880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56078677                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87934519                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.627631                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28170930                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1046594                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26309103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.487448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.740435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9198933     34.96%     34.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3831602     14.56%     49.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2682736     10.20%     59.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3651264     13.88%     73.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1139293      4.33%     77.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1185662      4.51%     82.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       838606      3.19%     85.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       473506      1.80%     87.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3307501     12.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26309103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34550396                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65442534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14261720                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7837516                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7608525                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1334919                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64439773                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              474070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       265850      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49773261     76.06%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55615      0.08%     76.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77700      0.12%     76.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1008388      1.54%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7555406     11.55%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6424204      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       282110      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65442534                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3307501                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116615066                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191534435                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             30                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            281                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34550396                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65442534                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.883772                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.883772                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.131513                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.131513                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117793914                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62815229                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2565353                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1267268                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41074159                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21486680                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35700890                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             490621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            95.340264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60232438                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60232438                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8625333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8625333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6424029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6424029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15049362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15049362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15049362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15049362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    255276500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    255276500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    550137500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    550137500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    805414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    805414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    805414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    805414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8629380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8629380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6427443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6427443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15056823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15056823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15056823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15056823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63077.958982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63077.958982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 161141.622730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161141.622730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107949.872671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107949.872671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107949.872671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107949.872671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    141508000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141508000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    544327000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544327000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    685835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    685835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    685835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    685835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80723.331432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80723.331432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 160426.466254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160426.466254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133275.359503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133275.359503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133275.359503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133275.359503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             120683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           159.845033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35899003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35899003                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8973787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8973787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8973787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8973787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8973787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8973787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8974562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8974562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8974562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8974562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8974562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8974562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13038.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13038.709677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13038.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13038.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13038.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13038.709677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12123.178808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12123.178808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12123.178808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12123.178808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12123.178808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12123.178808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4001                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.236191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       44.403287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.401273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16315.195440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13698                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     98353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    98353                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3937                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3937                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          755                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              755                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            754                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                754                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1143                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1143                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 754                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3389                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3389                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3999                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4000                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    539195000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     539195000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    126819000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    126819000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    666014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        666117500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    666014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       666117500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3937                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3937                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          755                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          755                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          755                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            755                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1753                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1753                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001325                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001325                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.347975                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.347975                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.777108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.677851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.777108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.677851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 159101.504869                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159101.504869                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       207900                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total       207900                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166545.136284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166529.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166545.136284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166529.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3389                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3389                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          610                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    505305000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    505305000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120719000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120719000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    626024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    626117500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    626024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626117500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.347975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.677851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.677851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149101.504869                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149101.504869                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       197900                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       197900                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156545.136284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156529.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156545.136284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156529.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7997                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3997                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       483456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       483456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  483456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4000    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23216000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21994750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11802                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5901                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          755                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3393                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3393                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           755                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1753                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       581312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 677952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4001                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    227456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9902                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.043764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9883     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     19      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9902                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10593000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1132500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7719000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
