
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10839814328750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67448126                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                126208877                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              163216481                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    93.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6309126100                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11805633811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10036416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10057408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9942784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9942784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155356                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155356                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1374961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657377990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658752951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1374961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1374961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651245162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651245162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651245162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1374961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657377990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1309998113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157148                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155356                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155356                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10057472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9942528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10057472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9942784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             10000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267387000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157148                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155356                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    730.816531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   570.095042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.593338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2000      7.31%      7.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2454      8.97%     16.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1864      6.81%     23.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1547      5.65%     28.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1528      5.58%     34.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1318      4.82%     39.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1416      5.17%     44.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1501      5.48%     49.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13739     50.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.192066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.129179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.854397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             39      0.40%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            83      0.86%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9388     96.73%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           135      1.39%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            28      0.29%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            11      0.11%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             5      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-83             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.007419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.006739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.158396                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9681     99.75%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10      0.10%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2897490000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5844015000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18437.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37187.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143580                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141553                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48855.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98196420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52188840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562803360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405312120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752934000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1514333250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62300640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2079523020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       325486080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1579441860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7432519590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.824659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11784218875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42981000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319130000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6376223875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    847631000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3121014250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4560364000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97203960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51668925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               559226220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405625320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1503365880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66486720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2074702530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       315938400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1588341060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7408117335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.226328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11796479875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51571000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315956000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6424805250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    822817500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3102505000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4549689375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1244607                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1244607                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6173                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1236327                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3409                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               727                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1236327                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1203307                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33020                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4363                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346381                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1231404                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          676                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2633                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          228                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67986                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5464247                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1244607                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1206716                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30429570                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          850                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47354                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1866                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30504965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.361321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.611565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28899631     94.74%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39282      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   41859      0.14%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224222      0.74%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26409      0.09%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8569      0.03%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8645      0.03%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24720      0.08%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1231628      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30504965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040760                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178952                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  380995                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28735424                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   634480                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               747631                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6435                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10963242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6435                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  657696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 223312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12212                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1104369                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28500941                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10931997                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28207831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13945026                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23101300                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12559299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           303744                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13698215                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  246811                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               132                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           138                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4762222                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355947                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1238773                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20229                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           16743                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10874275                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                711                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10817997                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1856                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         158339                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       229461                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           601                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30504965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.222486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27557671     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             469980      1.54%     91.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             523663      1.72%     93.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348123      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             296616      0.97%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             999540      3.28%     98.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117804      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167210      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24358      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30504965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72415     94.43%     94.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  381      0.50%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   773      1.01%     95.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  194      0.25%     96.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2730      3.56%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             195      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4115      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9149327     84.58%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  83      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  270      0.00%     84.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              82420      0.76%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302701      2.80%     88.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1194517     11.04%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46381      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38183      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10817997                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354285                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76688                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007089                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51846737                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10828985                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10613309                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             372766                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204528                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182701                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10702593                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187977                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2016                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22296                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12145                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          441                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6435                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  50981                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               140585                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10874986                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355947                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1238773                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               317                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               140084                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           196                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1665                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6126                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7791                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10803270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346222                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1577589                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1219942                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1231367                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353803                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10799095                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10796010                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7874344                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11007045                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353565                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.715391                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         158556                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6290                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30479524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.247860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27622955     90.63%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       337265      1.11%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324277      1.06%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1082041      3.55%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65801      0.22%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       663195      2.18%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72209      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        21976      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289805      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30479524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5292974                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10716647                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560279                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333651                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1213678                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    179446                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10620270                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2238      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9073179     84.66%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         80665      0.75%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289460      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1188956     11.09%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44191      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37672      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10716647                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289805                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41064922                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21776320                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            262                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          29723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5292974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10716647                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.768910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.768910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173343                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173343                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12352377                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8199716                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   283087                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143879                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6086117                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5446161                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4023954                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156872                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.993727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6437184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6437184                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071061                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155595                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155595                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    336883500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    336883500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14041490500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14041490500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14378374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14378374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14378374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14378374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1226656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1226656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1570078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1570078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1570078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1570078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126845                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126845                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92984.681203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92984.681203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90243.841383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90243.841383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90306.209097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90306.209097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90306.209097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90306.209097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.387097                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135724500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135724500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13885393000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13885393000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14021117500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14021117500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14021117500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14021117500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105458.041958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105458.041958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89244.053243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89244.053243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89377.071700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89377.071700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89377.071700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89377.071700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              15077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            25.086522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           190021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          190021                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66804.026846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.026846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66804.026846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.026846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66804.026846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66804.026846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40843500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40843500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40843500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40843500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40843500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40843500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67509.917355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67509.917355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67509.917355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67509.917355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67509.917355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67509.917355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157666                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.554067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.594560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16296.851373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9535                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2677146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2677146                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155937                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155937                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          600                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              600                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            273                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                273                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          328                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              328                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156820                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13651754000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13651754000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37049000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     37049000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133377500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133377500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37049000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13785131500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13822180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37049000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13785131500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13822180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155937                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155937                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          600                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          600                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155585                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155585                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          601                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            601                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1287                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1287                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545757                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.545757                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973582                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.973582                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.545757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.545757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87754.819467                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87754.819467                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112954.268293                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112954.268293                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106446.528332                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106446.528332                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112954.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87904.167198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87956.451880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112954.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87904.167198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87956.451880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155356                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155356                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155567                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155567                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          328                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          328                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12096084000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12096084000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33769000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33769000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120847500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120847500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12216931500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12250700500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12216931500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12250700500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77754.819467                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77754.819467                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102954.268293                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102954.268293                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96446.528332                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96446.528332                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102954.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77904.167198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77956.451880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102954.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77904.167198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77956.451880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314150                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157009                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20000256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20000256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20000256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157148    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936109500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826512250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314954                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157473                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          109                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            783                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          783                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1892                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155585                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155585                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20019776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20096704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157670                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9943040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315147                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.053126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314255     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    892      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315147                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            907500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235310499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
