
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               381683603125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2389034                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4510708                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42655983                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   357.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   855078405                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1614463560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             254912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       226304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          226304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16683976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16696552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14822748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14822748                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14822748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16683976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31519300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3983                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3536                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3983                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3536                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 254912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  227072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  254912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               226304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15268323500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3983                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3536                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    105.190746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.775515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.393219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3994     87.17%     87.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          257      5.61%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           99      2.16%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      1.16%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      0.89%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      0.85%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      0.72%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.68%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           35      0.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.110553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.997708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.306740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             4      2.01%      2.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            70     35.18%     37.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           102     51.26%     88.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            13      6.53%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             5      2.51%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             2      1.01%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             1      0.50%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.829146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.819795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.560442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17      8.54%      8.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              182     91.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    320519750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               395201000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     80471.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                99221.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       78                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2871                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2030632.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    39.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 15043980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7999860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                12930540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                9307260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1048575840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            400013460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             42591360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2503991190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1980161760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        996876780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7018208460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            459.687579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14264885750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     70092250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     445006000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3629704125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5156649000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     474475500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5491417250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 17671500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  9388830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                15508080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9213300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1179494160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            431812050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             49067520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3033541710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1997969280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        713864580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7459015230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            488.560104                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14186916500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     81702500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     500710000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2333748000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5203022750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     495729000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6652431875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13235672                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13235672                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1061422                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11128544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 984702                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            209914                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11128544                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3693621                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7434923                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       758380                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10015853                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7555257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       120148                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        38754                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8997677                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        12741                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9707669                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59689824                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13235672                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4678323                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19692855                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2138328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        57535                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8984936                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               262001                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.737684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.575341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12322308     40.36%     40.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  869372      2.85%     43.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1254382      4.11%     47.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1419543      4.65%     51.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1124516      3.68%     55.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1122229      3.68%     59.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1046002      3.43%     62.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  902437      2.96%     65.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10473613     34.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433463                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.954820                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8649185                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4188048                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15690631                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               937374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1069164                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108660256                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1069164                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9403436                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3181382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         29102                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15807622                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1043696                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103649966                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 71081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    46                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                913312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110230980                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260925240                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155788967                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3170921                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69430007                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                40800990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1696                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   925011                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11877141                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8911896                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           496009                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          191632                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93573109                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              57817                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83718082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           442735                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28652228                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41432925                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         57793                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.741763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.519466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9630925     31.54%     31.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2867817      9.39%     40.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3135048     10.27%     51.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3118124     10.21%     61.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3192315     10.45%     71.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2797520      9.16%     81.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3113491     10.20%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1645305      5.39%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1033857      3.39%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 811909     73.50%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14765      1.34%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                104109      9.42%     84.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                86448      7.83%     92.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              843      0.08%     92.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           86620      7.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           511876      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63434248     75.77%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               75976      0.09%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87103      0.10%     76.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1177465      1.41%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10152588     12.13%     90.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7605744      9.08%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         396406      0.47%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        276676      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83718082                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.741737                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1104694                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013195                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         195561290                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119209690                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78297065                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3956705                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3074583                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1797880                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82314076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1996824                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1258800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4095138                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11209                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2633                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2537672                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1069164                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3237172                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93630926                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            17767                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11877141                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8911896                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20640                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3434                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2633                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        303880                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1099128                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1403008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81204572                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10009198                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2513510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17556778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8808378                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7547580                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.659420                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80668073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80094945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55962696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87718192                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.623081                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637983                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28652833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1068447                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26230347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.477234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.739105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9234195     35.20%     35.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3810235     14.53%     49.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2673430     10.19%     59.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3613386     13.78%     73.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1137794      4.34%     78.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1175486      4.48%     82.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       831360      3.17%     85.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       470994      1.80%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3283467     12.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26230347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34309361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64978713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14156230                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7782005                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7555160                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1323733                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63984350                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              470249                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       263629      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49426676     76.07%     76.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55200      0.08%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77042      0.12%     76.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        999936      1.54%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7502257     11.55%     89.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6374225      9.81%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       279748      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64978713                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3283467                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116578426                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191650830                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             32                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            286                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34309361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64978713                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.889981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.889981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.123619                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.123619                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117500147                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62730051                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2536339                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1253455                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40994398                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21443804                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35662027                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             502007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            98.144086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60062835                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60062835                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8632683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8632683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6374025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6374025                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15006708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15006708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15006708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15006708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    262258500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    262258500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    482121500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    482121500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    744380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    744380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    744380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    744380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8636995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8636995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6377435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6377435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15014430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15014430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15014430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15014430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60820.616883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60820.616883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141384.604106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141384.604106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96397.306397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96397.306397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96397.306397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96397.306397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    142996500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142996500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    475759500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    475759500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    618756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    618756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    618756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    618756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82561.489607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82561.489607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140590.868794                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140590.868794                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120945.269742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120945.269742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120945.269742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120945.269742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1583216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1393.676056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35940881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35940881                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8983762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8983762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8983762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8983762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8983762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8983762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15254000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15254000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8984936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8984936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8984936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8984936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8984936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8984936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12993.185690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12993.185690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12993.185690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12993.185690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12993.185690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12993.185690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13887500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13887500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13887500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13887500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13887500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13887500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12214.160070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12214.160070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12214.160070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12214.160070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12214.160070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12214.160070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3992                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.349950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.728293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.013530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16307.258177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    103976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   103976                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3843                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3843                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1136                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1136                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1133                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1133                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1129                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1129                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1133                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1135                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3378                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3378                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3983                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    470693000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     470693000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       284000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       284000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    128400500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    128400500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       284000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    599093500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        599377500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       284000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    599093500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       599377500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3843                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3843                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1136                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1136                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1136                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1136                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1731                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1731                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002641                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002641                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.347776                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.347776                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.778104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.637178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.778104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.637178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 139340.734162                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139340.734162                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 213289.867110                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 213289.867110                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150526.005025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150483.931710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150526.005025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150483.931710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    436913000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    436913000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       254000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       254000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122380500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122380500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    559293500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559547500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    559293500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    559547500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.347776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.778104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.637178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.778104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.637178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 129340.734162                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129340.734162                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84666.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 203289.867110                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203289.867110                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140526.005025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140483.931710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140526.005025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140483.931710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7960                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3977                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       481216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       481216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  481216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3984    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23116000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21937500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12504                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6252                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            7                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             22                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           21                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2868                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       145408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       573312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 718720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3993                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    226368                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.056677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10215     99.71%     99.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     29      0.28%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1705500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7673998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
