
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4122182913750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116920201                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                216768072                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              317753420                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    48.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5617753270                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10415221376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12393088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12393152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        37312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           37312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           583                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                583                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         811738302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             811742494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2443909                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2443909                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2443909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        811738302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            814186403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193643                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        583                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193643                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      583                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12388544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   36992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12393152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                37312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267325500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193643                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  583                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.640383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.696100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.824170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42540     43.70%     43.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44043     45.24%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9324      9.58%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1288      1.32%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          116      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5321.250000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5162.187597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1349.024926                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            2      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            5     13.89%     19.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            6     16.67%     36.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            5     13.89%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            5     13.89%     63.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            4     11.11%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      2.78%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      2.78%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      5.56%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      2.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.055556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.052434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               35     97.22%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4749563250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8379019500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  967855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24536.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43286.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       811.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    811.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96299                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     502                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78605.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343698180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182683710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               682733940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1947060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1606812900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24562560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5202655050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       103808640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9354211080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.694061                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11679593875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9588000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    270496000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3067809750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11409590375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                351366540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186751950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               699363000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1070100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1637044560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24331200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5185745430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        92821440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9383803260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.632328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11614670625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9047500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    241859500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3133765000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11372812125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1743188                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1743188                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            80147                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1417782                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  60635                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8460                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1417782                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            720013                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          697769                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        29675                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     816889                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      72040                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       152000                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1246                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1400634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4929                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1439176                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5216538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1743188                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            780648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28923347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 163450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1126                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        41406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1395705                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10632                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30487803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.344851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.481731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28496108     93.47%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   30572      0.10%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  667472      2.19%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   35962      0.12%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  141593      0.46%     96.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   80480      0.26%     96.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   90922      0.30%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   31520      0.10%     97.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  913174      3.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30487803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.057089                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.170840                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  737769                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28346706                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   999706                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               321897                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 81725                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8626004                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 81725                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  842397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27056723                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17202                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1137154                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1352602                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8245141                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                84750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1012991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                280341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9813295                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22740346                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10973013                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            49923                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3263788                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6549503                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           350                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2006477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1443379                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             105356                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6020                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6660                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7764576                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5794                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5554470                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7257                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5050734                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10179370                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5794                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30487803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.182187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.792449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28293258     92.80%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             836585      2.74%     95.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             451986      1.48%     97.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             308796      1.01%     98.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             334964      1.10%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             109534      0.36%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              93080      0.31%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              35281      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24319      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30487803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14286     69.15%     69.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1473      7.13%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4316     20.89%     97.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  331      1.60%     98.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              189      0.91%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              65      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            22484      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4560433     82.10%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1584      0.03%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13892      0.25%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              18598      0.33%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              856085     15.41%     98.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              77391      1.39%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3793      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           210      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5554470                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.181907                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      20660                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003720                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41577339                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12779113                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5296837                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              47321                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             41994                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20507                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5528303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  24343                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       948206                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          202                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        65691                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           51                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1141                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 81725                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24843966                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               281515                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7770370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1443379                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              105356                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2097                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 22120                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                79336                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40288                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51103                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               91391                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5438193                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               816512                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           116277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      888539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  627746                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     72027                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.178099                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5339538                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5317344                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3948066                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6235206                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.174141                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.633189                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5051528                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            81723                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29763675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.091374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.569087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28617151     96.15%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       519663      1.75%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       127093      0.43%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331368      1.11%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        67176      0.23%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        35129      0.12%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7874      0.03%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5681      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        52540      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29763675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1361784                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2719633                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        534837                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       495172                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    472085                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15786                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2703610                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6975                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4809      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2154505     79.22%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            279      0.01%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11703      0.43%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13500      0.50%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         492886     18.12%     98.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         39665      1.46%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2286      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2719633                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                52540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37482296                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16268543                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          46885                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1361784                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2719633                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.422563                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.422563                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044598                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044598                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5542213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4628439                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    36196                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   18005                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3258999                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1455621                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2799037                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           245998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             391455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           245998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.591293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3625434                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3625434                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       361065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         361065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        38621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       399686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          399686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       399686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         399686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       444129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       444129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1044                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1044                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       445173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        445173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       445173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       445173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35281155500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35281155500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48824500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48824500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35329980000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35329980000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35329980000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35329980000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       805194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       805194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        39665                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        39665                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       844859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       844859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       844859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       844859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.551580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.551580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.526920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.526920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.526920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.526920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79438.981692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79438.981692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46766.762452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46766.762452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79362.360251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79362.360251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79362.360251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79362.360251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1025                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.927805                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2288                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       199166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       199174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       199174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       244963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       245999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       245999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19269860500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19269860500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47172500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47172500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19317033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19317033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19317033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19317033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026119                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026119                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78664.371762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78664.371762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45533.301158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45533.301158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78524.843597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78524.843597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78524.843597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78524.843597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5582821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5582821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1395704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1395704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1395704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1395704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1395704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1395704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1395705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1395705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1395705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193654                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      295139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.524053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.868339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.028596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.103064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4127462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4127462                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2288                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               660                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   660                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         51697                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             51697                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                52357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    52357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               52357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   52357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193266                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193266                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38412500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      38412500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18330159500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18330159500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18368572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18368675500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18368572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18368675500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2288                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1036                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1036                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       244963                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        244963                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           245999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               246000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          245999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              246000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362934                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.362934                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.788960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.788960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.787166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.787167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.787166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.787167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102160.904255                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102160.904255                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94844.201774                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94844.201774                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94858.408816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94858.453443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94858.408816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94858.453443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  583                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       583                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193266                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193266                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34652500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34652500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16397509500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16397509500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16432162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16432255500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16432162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16432255500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.788960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.788960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.787166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.787167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.787166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.787167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92160.904255                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92160.904255                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84844.253516                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84844.253516                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84858.460458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84858.505084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84858.460458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84858.505084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387277                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193641                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       580919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       580919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 580919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12430400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12430400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12430400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193643                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193643    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193643                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           456070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1046913750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       491999                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       245999                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          527                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             22                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            244963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          436781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       244963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       737995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                737998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15890304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15890432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193654                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     37312                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           439654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035508                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 439105     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    547      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             439654                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          248288500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         368997000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
