
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10061179778375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              142161705                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                265103535                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              357271680                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6075015169                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11328707088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12752448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12752448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           282                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                282                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         835276122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             835276122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1182131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1182131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1182131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        835276122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            836458253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199257                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        282                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199257                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      282                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12750016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12752448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267329500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199257                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  282                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.629724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.234076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.792648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40714     41.66%     41.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45397     46.45%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10045     10.28%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1407      1.44%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          144      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11641.352941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11316.815081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2717.946903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      5.88%      5.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.88%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      5.88%     17.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     17.65%     35.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            3     17.65%     52.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.88%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2     11.76%     70.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2     11.76%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            2     11.76%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4855591750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8590948000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  996095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24373.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43123.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       835.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    835.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   101512                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     241                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76513.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348946080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185469240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               711722340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1017900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1648620120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24429600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5178011100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        89488320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9393013740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.235608                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11588782000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9421500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    233027750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3159082000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11355952875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348903240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185446470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               710701320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 401940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1645818000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24453600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5165611890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       102265440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9388910940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.966877                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11593021000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9463000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    265981750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3155000125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11327039250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1371700                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1371700                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            46630                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              942080                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  23517                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              3400                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         942080                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            615174                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          326906                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        11214                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     608469                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      30256                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       136037                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          462                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1212925                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1841                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1232394                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3831148                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1371700                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            638691                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29216914                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  94506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15678                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1211084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30513991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.251288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.259202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28977169     94.96%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   13282      0.04%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  628849      2.06%     97.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   14660      0.05%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  107639      0.35%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   34060      0.11%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   70932      0.23%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   12798      0.04%     97.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  654602      2.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30513991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044923                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.125469                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  567682                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28919340                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   701516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               278200                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 47253                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6286462                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 47253                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  638854                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27877610                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          6232                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   833706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1110336                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6068058                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                34172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                947708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                107849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7258648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17134272                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7800205                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            25786                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2685497                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4573151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               158                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1803663                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1139270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              42681                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2806                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2423                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5827044                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2343                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4065542                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3588608                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8117609                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2343                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30513991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.133235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.653310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28781572     94.32%     94.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             710641      2.33%     96.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             372335      1.22%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             248860      0.82%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             263758      0.86%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              55902      0.18%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              51559      0.17%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              15157      0.05%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14207      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30513991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6250     68.04%     68.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  736      8.01%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1908     20.77%     96.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  151      1.64%     98.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              106      1.15%     99.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              35      0.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             9059      0.22%      0.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3379867     83.13%     83.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 403      0.01%     83.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6086      0.15%     83.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9117      0.22%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              626771     15.42%     99.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              32204      0.79%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1923      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           112      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4065542                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.133145                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       9186                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002259                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38633984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9395722                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3931648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              23335                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             22280                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9851                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4053634                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12035                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3055                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       706809                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24781                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1343                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 47253                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26554785                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               228052                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5829387                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2268                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1139270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               42681                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               874                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13072                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                28276                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28778                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        22097                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               50875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4016592                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               608310                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            48950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      638557                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  483429                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     30247                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.131542                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3950068                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3941499                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2912904                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4554255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.129083                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.639601                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3588950                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            47248                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30025675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.074629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.496477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29032125     96.69%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       466919      1.56%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106217      0.35%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       299463      1.00%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53306      0.18%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27052      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3512      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3168      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        33913      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30025675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1121358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2240778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        450361                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       432461                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    410054                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7220                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2233489                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2173      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1776686     79.29%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            127      0.01%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5263      0.23%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6168      0.28%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         431409     19.25%     99.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         17900      0.80%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1052      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2240778                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                33913                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35821490                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12148551                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            146                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          20697                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1121358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2240778                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.230098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.230098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036724                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036724                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3808281                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3431101                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    17520                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    8716                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2594437                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1055146                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2167601                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           227866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             216624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           227866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.950664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2708354                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2708354                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       198854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         198854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       216005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          216005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       216005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         216005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       403368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       403368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          749                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       404117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        404117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       404117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       404117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34798698500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34798698500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26704998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26704998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34825403498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34825403498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34825403498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34825403498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       602222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       602222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        17900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       620122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       620122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       620122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       620122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.669800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.669800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041844                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041844                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.651673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.651673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86270.349904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86270.349904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35654.202937                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35654.202937                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86176.536741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86176.536741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86176.536741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86176.536741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16686                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              902                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.498891                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1994                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1994                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       176249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       176252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       176252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       176252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       176252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       227119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       227865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       227865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19516876500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19516876500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25801498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25801498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19542677998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19542677998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19542677998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19542677998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.377135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85932.381263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85932.381263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34586.458445                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34586.458445                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85764.281474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85764.281474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85764.281474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85764.281474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4844336                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4844336                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1211084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1211084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1211084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1211084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1211084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1211084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1211084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1211084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1211084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1211084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1211084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1211084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199259                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      256392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.286727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.988543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.011457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3842571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3842571                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1994                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1994                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               568                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   568                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         28040                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             28040                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                28608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    28608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               28608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   28608                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             178                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 178                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199079                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199079                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18443000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18443000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18856203500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18856203500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18874646500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18874646500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18874646500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18874646500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1994                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1994                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               746                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       227119                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        227119                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           227865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               227865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          227865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              227865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.238606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.238606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.876540                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.876540                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.874452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.874452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.874452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.874452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103612.359551                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103612.359551                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94717.190161                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94717.190161                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94725.136382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94725.136382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94725.136382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94725.136382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  282                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       282                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          178                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            178                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199079                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199079                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16663000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16663000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16865403500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16865403500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16882066500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16882066500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16882066500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16882066500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.238606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.876540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.874452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.874452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.874452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.874452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93612.359551                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93612.359551                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84717.139929                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84717.139929                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84725.086195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84725.086195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84725.086195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84725.086195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        398509                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199258                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           198970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       597767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       597767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 597767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12770560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12770560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12770560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199257    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           469386000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1075744750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       455731                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       227864                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          555                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            227120                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       227119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       683597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                683597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14711040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14711040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199259                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18048                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001311                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036185                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426564     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    560      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          229859500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         341799000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
