
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4595470581625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               75436064                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                139935886                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              203520973                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    75.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5658914552                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10497438132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12342784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12342912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        34368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           34368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         808443427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             808451811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2251079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2251079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2251079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        808443427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            810702890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192856                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        537                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192856                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      537                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12337856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   34944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12342784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                34368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     78                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267326500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192856                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  537                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        98023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.232578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.588827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.870656                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43667     44.55%     44.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43938     44.82%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9052      9.23%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1205      1.23%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          127      0.13%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        98023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5779.794118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5640.662608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1275.586443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      2.94%      2.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            3      8.82%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      2.94%     14.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            6     17.65%     32.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            5     14.71%     47.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            6     17.65%     64.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5     14.71%     79.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      2.94%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      5.88%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3      8.82%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      2.94%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.058824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.055523                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.342997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               33     97.06%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4746543000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8361149250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  963895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24621.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43371.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       808.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    808.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    94836                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     474                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78944.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346761240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184319355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               680641920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 991800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1615088160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24537120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5207089650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        93131520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9357869805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.933705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11661812250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9558000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    242696500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3085938500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11419291125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                353073000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187677930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               695807280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1858320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1640746140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24540000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5184192750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        90803520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9384007980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.645737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11605943500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9588000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    236629750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3141951250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11369315125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1408970                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1408970                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            53028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              954888                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  37132                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5821                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         954888                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            619803                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          335085                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14571                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     688228                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      54358                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       150754                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          806                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1216714                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2465                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1240898                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4109889                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1408970                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            656935                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29189974                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 107756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       903                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        22629                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1214249                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.270313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.308125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28894119     94.71%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   13563      0.04%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  607213      1.99%     96.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   25178      0.08%     96.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  115941      0.38%     97.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   51897      0.17%     97.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   84123      0.28%     97.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   19652      0.06%     97.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  697234      2.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.046143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.134597                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  587672                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28819277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   749884                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               298209                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 53878                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6854106                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 53878                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  672457                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27581017                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   888272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1304762                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6601638                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                65772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1021411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                239318                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2676                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7899034                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18455256                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8683375                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            45721                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3182640                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4716396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           153                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1915261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1185418                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              74295                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4615                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6307607                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3689                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4596454                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3663074                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7848397                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3688                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.150659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.705816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28594524     93.73%     93.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             771844      2.53%     96.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             412898      1.35%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             280079      0.92%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             262657      0.86%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              76545      0.25%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              66783      0.22%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              24194      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              19396      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  11563     71.62%     71.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1267      7.85%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2893     17.92%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209      1.29%     98.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              210      1.30%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               3      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13453      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3782238     82.29%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 950      0.02%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12098      0.26%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              16628      0.36%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              709677     15.44%     98.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              57668      1.25%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3731      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            11      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4596454                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.150532                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      16145                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003512                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39680767                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9935749                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4432326                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              42444                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             38636                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        18351                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4577292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  21854                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6676                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       700141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        38466                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           55                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1456                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 53878                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25933145                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               265432                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6311296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1185418                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               74295                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13007                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                60875                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32374                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        27004                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               59378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4531165                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               687932                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            65289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      742272                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  555325                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     54340                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.148394                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4463233                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4450677                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3239284                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5245780                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.145758                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.617503                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3663837                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            53869                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30001351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.088270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.560673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28882508     96.27%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       505289      1.68%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       128526      0.43%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       333239      1.11%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        54529      0.18%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        31531      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5218      0.02%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5001      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        55510      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30001351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1326985                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2648224                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        521107                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       485278                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    463445                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     14564                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2633601                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6329                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4370      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2099437     79.28%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            253      0.01%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10649      0.40%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12408      0.47%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         483122     18.24%     98.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         35829      1.35%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2156      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2648224                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                55510                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36257902                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13132923                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            200                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          25768                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1326985                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2648224                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.010575                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.010575                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043458                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043458                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4666543                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3849527                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    32292                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   16129                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2989027                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1265853                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2371506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           244530                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             286030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           244530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.169713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3096914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3096914                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       250703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         250703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        34820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         34820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       285523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          285523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       285523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         285523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       426564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       426564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       427573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        427573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       427573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       427573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33987450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33987450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45642500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45642500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34033092500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34033092500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34033092500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34033092500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       677267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       677267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        35829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       713096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       713096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       713096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       713096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.629831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.629831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.599601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.599601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.599601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.599601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79677.258278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79677.258278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45235.381566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45235.381566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79595.981271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79595.981271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79595.981271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79595.981271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        25369                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.062727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2539                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       243520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       244529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       244529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19210162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19210162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44633500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44633500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19254795500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19254795500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19254795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19254795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028162                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028162                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78885.356439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78885.356439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44235.381566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44235.381566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78742.380249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78742.380249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78742.380249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78742.380249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 48                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   24                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4856998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4856998                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1214246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1214246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1214246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1214246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1214246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1214246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       323000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       323000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1214249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1214249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1214249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1214249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1214249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1214249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       218500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       218500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       218500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       218500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       109250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       109250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       109250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192859                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      287770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.492126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.167912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.141780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.690308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4102611                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4102611                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2539                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2539                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               654                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   654                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         51021                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             51021                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                51675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    51675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               51675                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   51675                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192854                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192856                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35949000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      35949000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       215500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       215500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18278733500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18278733500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       215500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18314682500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18314898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       215500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18314682500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18314898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2539                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2539                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1009                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1009                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       243520                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        243520                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           244529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               244531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          244529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              244531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.351833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.351833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.790485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.790485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.788675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.788677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.788675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.788677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101264.788732                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101264.788732                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       107750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94954.953013                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94954.953013                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94966.567974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94966.700543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94966.567974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94966.700543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  537                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       537                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192499                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192499                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32399000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32399000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       195500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16353733500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16353733500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16386132500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16386328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16386132500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16386328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.351833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.790485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.790485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.788675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.788677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.788675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.788677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91264.788732                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91264.788732                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        97750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84954.901064                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84954.901064                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84966.516121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84966.648691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84966.516121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84966.648691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        385702                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192856                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       578559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       578559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 578559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12377216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12377216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12377216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192856    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           456071500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1043125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       489063                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       244532                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          612                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            243523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3076                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          434313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       243520                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       733589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                733595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15812416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15812672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192859                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     34368                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037774                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 436765     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    625      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          247072500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         366795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
