
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7129849706375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              129559331                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                240967193                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              337575368                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    45.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5859509792                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10898094972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12682432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12682432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        22720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           22720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           355                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                355                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         830690125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             830690125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1488144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1488144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1488144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        830690125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            832178269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198162                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        355                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198162                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      355                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12679104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   21632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12682368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                22720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     51                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267336000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198162                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  355                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.598009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.288195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.468463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40439     41.58%     41.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45277     46.55%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9997     10.28%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1368      1.41%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          147      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9074.571429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8772.283360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2281.350797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      9.52%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      4.76%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      9.52%     23.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     14.29%     38.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      4.76%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      4.76%     47.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      4.76%     52.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      9.52%     61.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3     14.29%     76.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            4     19.05%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.095238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.089992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.436436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20     95.24%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      4.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4782583000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8497164250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  990555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24140.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42890.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       830.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    830.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100897                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     300                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76906.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344562120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183150495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               700626780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1624964550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24481920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5174311800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       112499040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9369905745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.722051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11640429250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9510000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509775375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    292801500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3107629500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11347627750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349817160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185936025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               713885760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1764360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1652442540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24589440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5156332290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       104365920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9394442535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.329193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11580384000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9756750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    271781500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3167322250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11308623625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1531524                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1531524                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            65453                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1147343                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  46931                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7219                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1147343                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            649730                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          497613                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        19862                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     716021                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      43842                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       139830                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          774                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1259602                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5025                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1289229                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4483620                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1531524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            696661                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29084715                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 134424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        42665                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1254577                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6491                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30487935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.296312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.372958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28751715     94.31%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16485      0.05%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  620574      2.04%     96.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   24959      0.08%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  120502      0.40%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   75020      0.25%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   80633      0.26%     97.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   23849      0.08%     97.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  774198      2.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30487935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.050157                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.146837                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  636957                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28662086                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   826620                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               295060                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 67212                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7318789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 67212                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  724090                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27332029                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14689                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   957803                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1392112                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7006406                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               101023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                980922                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                377300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8367882                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19476045                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9194905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            35651                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2793410                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5574472                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               181                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1900745                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1274923                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              63520                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4005                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4370                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6653644                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4730764                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5237                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4326424                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8868508                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3462                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30487935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.155168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.720695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28559189     93.67%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             754766      2.48%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             408680      1.34%     97.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             276412      0.91%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             289715      0.95%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              84550      0.28%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              72573      0.24%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              24046      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18004      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30487935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9547     63.75%     63.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     63.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     63.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1012      6.76%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     70.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4032     26.92%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  222      1.48%     98.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              100      0.67%     99.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              63      0.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16522      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3896636     82.37%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 675      0.01%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7957      0.17%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12962      0.27%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              746573     15.78%     98.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              46968      0.99%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2235      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           236      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4730764                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.154931                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      14976                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39937299                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10952040                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4532737                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              32377                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             31490                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13852                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4712592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16626                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3677                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       831036                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        40554                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           28                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1139                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 67212                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25220314                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               289629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6657106                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1274923                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               63520                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1277                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16307                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                94922                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         36364                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        37412                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               73776                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4646139                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               715783                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            84625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      759616                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  546825                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     43833                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.152159                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4563001                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4546589                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3359917                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5281634                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.148899                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.636151                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4327403                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            67212                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29872332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.078021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.509817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28846459     96.57%     96.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       479670      1.61%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110294      0.37%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       304879      1.02%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        58540      0.20%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28377      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4726      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3710      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35677      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29872332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1166627                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2330682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        466853                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       443887                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    420764                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9198                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2321392                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2768      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1846341     79.22%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            162      0.01%     79.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6698      0.29%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7860      0.34%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         442549     18.99%     98.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         22966      0.99%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1338      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2330682                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                35677                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36494740                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13933125                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            366                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          46753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1166627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2330682                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.173480                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.173480                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038207                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038207                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4619599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3959674                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    24849                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12314                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2869822                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1248575                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2440839                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           231764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             316293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           231764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.364720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3156404                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3156404                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       291648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         291648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        22083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       313731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          313731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       313731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         313731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       416546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       416546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          883                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          883                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       417429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        417429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       417429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       417429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35202551000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35202551000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33488997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33488997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35236039997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35236039997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35236039997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35236039997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       708194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       708194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        22966                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22966                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       731160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       731160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       731160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       731160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.588181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.588181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038448                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038448                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.570913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.570913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.570913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.570913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84510.596669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84510.596669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37926.383918                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37926.383918                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84412.055696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84412.055696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84412.055696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84412.055696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15442                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              763                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.238532                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       185661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       185665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       185665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       230885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       231764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       231764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19417805500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19417805500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32245497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32245497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19450050997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19450050997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19450050997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19450050997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038274                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038274                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.316981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84101.632848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84101.632848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36684.296928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36684.296928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83921.795434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83921.795434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83921.795434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83921.795434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5018308                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5018308                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1254577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1254577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1254577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1254577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1254577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1254577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1254577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1254577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1254577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1254577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1254577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1254577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198173                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      261790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.321017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.881127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.006953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.111920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11058                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3978                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3904085                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3904085                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2103                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2103                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         32950                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             32950                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                33602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    33602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               33602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   33602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197935                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197935                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23759000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23759000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18699724500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18699724500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18723483500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18723483500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18723483500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18723483500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2103                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2103                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           879                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               879                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       230885                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        230885                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           231764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               231764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          231764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              231764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.258248                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.258248                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857288                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.857288                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.855016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.855016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.855016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.855016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104665.198238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104665.198238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94474.067244                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94474.067244                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94485.741464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94485.741464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94485.741464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94485.741464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  355                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       355                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197935                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197935                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21489000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21489000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16720374500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16720374500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16741863500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16741863500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16741863500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16741863500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.258248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.855016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.855016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.855016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.855016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94665.198238                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94665.198238                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84474.067244                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84474.067244                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84485.741464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84485.741464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84485.741464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84485.741464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        396315                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198161                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       594477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       594477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 594477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12705088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12705088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12705088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198162    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           467227000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1070011500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       463528                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       231763                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          564                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             20                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            230885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          427479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       230885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       695292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                695292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14967488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14967488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198173                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     22720                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           429937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 429354     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    581      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             429937                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          233867000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         347646000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
