
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10534467446250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               63605487                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                118842045                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              156662719                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    97.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6198580746                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11581581744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9960064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9985408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9913728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9913728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1660014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652376990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654037003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1660014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1660014                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649342015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649342015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649342015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1660014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652376990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1303379018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156022                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154902                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156022                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154902                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9985408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9913792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9985408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9913728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267356000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156022                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154902                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    723.440122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   559.546320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   362.597479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2170      7.89%      7.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2396      8.71%     16.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1977      7.19%     23.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1719      6.25%     30.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1411      5.13%     35.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1418      5.16%     40.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1310      4.76%     45.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1489      5.41%     50.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13616     49.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.126408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.076156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.607701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             51      0.53%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           115      1.19%      1.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9350     96.64%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           116      1.20%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            22      0.23%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             4      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.202298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9643     99.67%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                6      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2885207500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5810620000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18492.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37242.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142516                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140903                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49103.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98703360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52458285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559269060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404957160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         754163280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1510176240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64640160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2088609960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       322271520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1577946300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7433195325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.868919                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11787382125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46417000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319632000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6367693750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    839276375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3113886500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4580438500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97689480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51926985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554728020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403636500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748016880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1502531970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65798880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2077492680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       315929280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1589403780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7407208185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.166780                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11743314375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     47970000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317038000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6422211500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    822703000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101774500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4555647125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1331786                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1331786                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7854                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1322148                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4080                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               883                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1322148                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1279242                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42906                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5384                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     492984                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1314676                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          871                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2651                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          301                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             89663                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6025218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1331786                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1283322                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30402770                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1167                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64759                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2319                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30502188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.399110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.674003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28657423     93.95%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   55546      0.18%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   59600      0.20%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  318380      1.04%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   37496      0.12%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   12076      0.04%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12294      0.04%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35277      0.12%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1314096      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30502188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043616                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.197324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  429840                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28535369                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   721617                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               807147                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8215                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12097402                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8215                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  712674                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 290218                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14682                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1244516                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28231883                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12057683                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 25567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  6989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27923456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15484047                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25426197                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13913706                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           447503                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15160495                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  323552                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           175                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4844173                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              505285                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1323865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30301                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           25958                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11984814                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                937                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11910950                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2200                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         205881                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       299396                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           789                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30502188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.390495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.292497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27314972     89.55%     89.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             507348      1.66%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             551524      1.81%     93.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             362030      1.19%     94.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             315265      1.03%     95.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1035612      3.40%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             167302      0.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             213548      0.70%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34587      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30502188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 102842     94.22%     94.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  580      0.53%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1172      1.07%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  260      0.24%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4094      3.75%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             201      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5704      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9969566     83.70%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  96      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  333      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             122732      1.03%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              427158      3.59%     88.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1262444     10.60%     98.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69153      0.58%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53764      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11910950                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.390079                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     109149                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53886375                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11892788                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11613569                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             549062                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            299085                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       269384                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11737478                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 276917                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2530                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          257                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14929                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          613                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8215                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  71909                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               175990                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11985751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              998                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               505285                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1323865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               417                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   546                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               175205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           257                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7593                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9851                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11892356                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               492752                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18594                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1807381                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1300195                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1314629                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.389470                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11886985                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11882953                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8711226                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12049563                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.389162                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.722950                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         206192                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             8027                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.386612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27408972     89.96%     89.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       387154      1.27%     91.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326733      1.07%     92.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1128796      3.70%     96.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69628      0.23%     96.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       624772      2.05%     98.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       102763      0.34%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        31440      0.10%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       389229      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5801851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11779870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1785619                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       476683                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1292085                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    265043                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11636059                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3226      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9870284     83.79%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        120391      1.02%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         410523      3.48%     88.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1255746     10.66%     98.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66160      0.56%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53190      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11779870                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               389229                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42066320                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24005370                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            316                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          32500                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5801851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11779870                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.262922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.262922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.190009                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.190009                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13648355                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9051526                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   419231                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  214643                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6484057                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6015020                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4416674                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155678                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1514220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.726615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7348398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7348398                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       484230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         484230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1154992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1154992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1639222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1639222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1639222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1639222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153984                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153984                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    458132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    458132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13899820998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13899820998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14357953498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14357953498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14357953498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14357953498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       489204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       489204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1308976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1308976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1798180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1798180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1798180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1798180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92105.448331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92105.448331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90267.956398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90267.956398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90325.453881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90325.453881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90325.453881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90325.453881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18205                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          316                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              198                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.944444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   105.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    178791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13745294998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13745294998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13924085998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13924085998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13924085998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13924085998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117632                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117632                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104862.756598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104862.756598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89268.494632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89268.494632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89439.280058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89439.280058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89439.280058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89439.280058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              717                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.999230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              18067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            25.198047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.999230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           259757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          259757                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56303999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56303999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56303999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56303999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56303999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56303999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64273.971461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64273.971461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64273.971461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64273.971461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64273.971461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64273.971461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              717                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46772500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46772500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46772500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46772500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46772500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46772500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64871.705964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64871.705964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64871.705964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64871.705964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64871.705964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64871.705964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156651                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       55.739214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.919206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16293.341581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2658723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2658723                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154393                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154393                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          716                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              716                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            321                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                321                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153955                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153955                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          396                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              396                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1671                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1671                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155626                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156022                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13513994500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13513994500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42292000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42292000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    175797500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    175797500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13689792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13732084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13689792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13732084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154393                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154393                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          716                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          716                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153973                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153973                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          717                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            717                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1705                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1705                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552301                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.552301                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.980059                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.980059                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.552301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.552301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87778.860706                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87778.860706                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106797.979798                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106797.979798                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105204.967086                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105204.967086                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106797.979798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87965.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88013.767289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106797.979798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87965.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88013.767289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154901                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154901                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153955                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          396                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1671                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1671                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11974454500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11974454500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38332000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38332000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    159087500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159087500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12133542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12171874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12133542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12171874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.980059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77778.925660                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77778.925660                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96797.979798                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96797.979798                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95204.967086                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95204.967086                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96797.979798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77966.033953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78013.831383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96797.979798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77966.033953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78013.831383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312152                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156152                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153955                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19899072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19899072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19899072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156022    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156022                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932448500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          820580000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312798                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156395                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          141                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            608                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          608                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          717                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           721                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        91776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19844544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19936320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156655                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9913920                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313054                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312305     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    749      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313054                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311509000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1081999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233519000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
