
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3969509472500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              119890347                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                222233012                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              326617704                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5604125255                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10388007946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12295616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12295616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        39104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           39104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         805353957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             805353957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2561284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2561284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2561284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        805353957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            807915240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192118                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        611                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192118                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      611                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12290176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   38912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12295552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                39104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     84                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267310500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192118                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  611                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.803991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.999356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.352543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43106     44.33%     44.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43574     44.82%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9176      9.44%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1231      1.27%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          101      0.10%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5040.815789                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4971.079275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    839.131367                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.63%      2.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.63%      5.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.63%      7.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      2.63%     10.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      7.89%     18.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            6     15.79%     34.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      5.26%     39.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            6     15.79%     55.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      7.89%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            5     13.16%     76.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            3      7.89%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            3      7.89%     92.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            2      5.26%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               38    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4757080250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8357717750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  960170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24772.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43522.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       805.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    805.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    94887                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     528                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79216.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345975840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183886725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               684554640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1988820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1614127710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24577920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5208528900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        92687040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9361636635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.180430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11664080500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9732500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    241535500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3083647875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11422568250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348232080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185101125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               686575260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1184940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1621211670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24438720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5207408280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        87804480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9367265595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.549123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11647847875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9264000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    228636000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3099425000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11420159125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1631604                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1631604                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            73689                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1225970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  58312                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8748                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1225970                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            682490                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          543480                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25060                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     791854                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      73248                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       153485                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1181                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1332678                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4390                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1368162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4905824                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1631604                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            740802                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29013058                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 150420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        37502                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1328288                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30497224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.324287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.436811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28619578     93.84%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22425      0.07%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  634890      2.08%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   35395      0.12%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  134092      0.44%     96.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   79517      0.26%     96.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   92013      0.30%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29072      0.10%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  850242      2.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30497224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.053434                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.160664                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  688153                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28494522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   924004                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               315335                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 75210                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8138242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 75210                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  787863                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27183295                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14794                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1061737                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1374325                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7787086                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                88720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1016457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                305462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9272670                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21484143                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10373013                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            56610                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3306627                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5966043                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               279                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           341                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1986086                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1361657                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             103445                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6183                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5739                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7350356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5446                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5337294                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7127                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4599688                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9231756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5446                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30497224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.175009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.776073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28374833     93.04%     93.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             812925      2.67%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             445965      1.46%     97.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             304323      1.00%     98.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             306636      1.01%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             105288      0.35%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              88550      0.29%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              34446      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24258      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30497224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14722     69.95%     69.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1652      7.85%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4100     19.48%     97.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  358      1.70%     98.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              207      0.98%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20382      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4373375     81.94%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1451      0.03%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13915      0.26%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20575      0.39%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              825140     15.46%     98.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              78366      1.47%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4076      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            14      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5337294                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.174794                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      21045                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003943                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41148499                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11908624                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5101664                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              51485                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             46870                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22182                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5311427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  26530                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       862107                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          203                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        61409                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1021                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 75210                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24932514                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               270897                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7355802                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1361657                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              103445                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1993                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                70278                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        44115                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               84233                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5233538                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               791472                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           103756                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      864709                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  617956                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     73237                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.171396                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5144420                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5123846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3764470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6029241                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.167804                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624369                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4600507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            75207                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29837461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.092371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.575635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28683706     96.13%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       518862      1.74%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       130543      0.44%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       335499      1.12%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63826      0.21%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        35179      0.12%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7254      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5790      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        56802      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29837461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1380437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2756114                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        541586                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       499550                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    476668                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     16792                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2739195                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7400                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5007      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2182837     79.20%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            296      0.01%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           12036      0.44%     79.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         14352      0.52%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         497110     18.04%     98.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         42036      1.53%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2440      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2756114                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                56802                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37137280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15374990                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            289                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          37465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1380437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2756114                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.119582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.119582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.045209                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.045209                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5448450                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4442287                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    39457                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19723                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3236985                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1434332                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2690422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           245802                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             382826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           245802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.557457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          765                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3532530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3532530                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       342125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        41010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         41010                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       383135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          383135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       383135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         383135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       437521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       437521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       438547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        438547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       438547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       438547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34592052500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34592052500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     50387999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     50387999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34642440499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34642440499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34642440499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34642440499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       779646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       779646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        42036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        42036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       821682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       821682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       821682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       821682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.561179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.561179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024408                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024408                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.533719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.533719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.533719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.533719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79063.753511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79063.753511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49111.110136                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49111.110136                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78993.677984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78993.677984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78993.677984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78993.677984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20710                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              833                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.861945                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       192735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       192745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192745                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       192745                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       244786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       245802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       245802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19184573500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19184573500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48479999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48479999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19233053499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19233053499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19233053499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19233053499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.313971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78372.837907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78372.837907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47716.534449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47716.534449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78246.122892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78246.122892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78246.122892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78246.122892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5313152                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5313152                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1328288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1328288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1328288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1328288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1328288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1328288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1328288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1328288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1328288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192132                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      300537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.564221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.748608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.251392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5026                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4122828                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4122828                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               615                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   615                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         53069                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             53069                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                53684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    53684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               53684                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   53684                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             401                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 401                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       191717                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          191717                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192118                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192118                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40225000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      40225000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18230320500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18230320500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18270545500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18270545500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18270545500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18270545500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       244786                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        244786                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           245802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               245802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          245802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              245802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.394685                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.394685                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783202                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.783202                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.781597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.781597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.781597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.781597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100311.720698                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100311.720698                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95089.744258                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95089.744258                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95100.643875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95100.643875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95100.643875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95100.643875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  611                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       611                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191717                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       191717                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36215000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36215000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16313150500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16313150500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16349365500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16349365500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16349365500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16349365500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.394685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.783202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.781597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.781597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90311.720698                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90311.720698                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85089.744258                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85089.744258                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85100.643875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85100.643875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85100.643875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85100.643875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        384229                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192118                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             191717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           191500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        191717                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       576347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       576347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 576347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12334656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12334656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12334656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192118    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           453437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1038964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       491604                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       245800                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          519                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             22                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            244786                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2950                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          434984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       244786                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       737406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                737406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15881024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15881024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192132                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     39104                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437934                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035256                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 437395     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    537      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437934                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          248141000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         368703000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
