
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2595448501250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               29813555                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 55123869                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               83965727                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   181.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5420947006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10023078127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        7635264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            7657792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1986624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1986624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          119301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              119653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         31041                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              31041                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1475568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         500104271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             501579838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1475568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1475568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       130122435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            130122435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       130122435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1475568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        500104271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            631702274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      119653                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      31041                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    119653                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    31041                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                7657600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1987328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 7657792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1986624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              7824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              7738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              7662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              7583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              7343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              7456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              7287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              7418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              7455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             7371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             7264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             7436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             7332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             7306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             7567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267338000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                119653                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                31041                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  106849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   12401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        16584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    581.534009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   389.704448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   394.281385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2820     17.00%     17.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1887     11.38%     28.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1767     10.65%     39.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1222      7.37%     46.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          782      4.72%     51.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          932      5.62%     56.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          706      4.26%     61.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          558      3.36%     64.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5910     35.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        16584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      61.403301                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.019870                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    339.711960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          1905     98.25%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.15%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.05%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.10%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            3      0.15%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.05%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      0.10%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.05%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           15      0.77%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      0.10%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            2      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.014440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.013284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.205190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1928     99.43%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.41%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.05%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1791254500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              4034692000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  598250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14970.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33720.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       501.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       130.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    501.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    130.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   105977                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   28141                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     101313.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 57526980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 30572520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               431977140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               81165780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         966214080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1007832960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             44404800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3694873950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       486871200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        898424100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7700089110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            504.350269                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12940855875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     38502250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     409236000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3570352250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1267798250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1878740500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8102714875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 60882780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 32363760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               422323860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               80925660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1039970880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1013229720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             53432640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3797098320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       623851680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        774824760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7899068250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            517.383258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12843436375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     440670000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2954249750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1624617500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1868868750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8327290125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7873116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          7873116                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           203712                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4749472                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 118016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4761                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4749472                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3418452                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1331020                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        74758                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4092132                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1585222                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5948                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1133                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2000111                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   21                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2111397                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      30235452                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7873116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3536468                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28194407                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 407700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  28                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          203                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2000075                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                26627                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30509885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.875069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.091409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                21114352     69.20%     69.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  649547      2.13%     71.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  280327      0.92%     72.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  420970      1.38%     73.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1174579      3.85%     77.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1317089      4.32%     81.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  383223      1.26%     83.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  206454      0.68%     83.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4963344     16.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30509885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.257842                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.990200                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1989910                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             20144373                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  7280718                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               891034                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                203850                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              55184345                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                203850                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2381173                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                9902364                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          4225                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  7712802                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10305471                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              54075669                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                30369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1888393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               7089588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               2410231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           70604092                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            133560289                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        74581050                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           235286                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             56536138                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                14067867                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3711785                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4437078                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1657102                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           128330                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           96675                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  51874637                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3645                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 48566039                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           728724                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        8538977                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11758153                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3384                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30509885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.591813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.503694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           19756174     64.75%     64.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1440600      4.72%     69.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1272405      4.17%     73.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             940453      3.08%     76.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1104423      3.62%     80.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             960469      3.15%     83.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2886890      9.46%     92.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1969875      6.46%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             178596      0.59%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30509885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                3564670     99.59%     99.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     99.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     99.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  356      0.01%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  7233      0.20%     99.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  808      0.02%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                8      0.00%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            6278      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            76529      0.16%      0.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             42643336     87.80%     87.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               35360      0.07%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 2623      0.01%     88.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              21785      0.04%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     88.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4182758      8.61%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1419058      2.92%     99.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2174      0.00%     99.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        182416      0.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              48566039                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.590520                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    3579353                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.073701                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         131524589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         60196854                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47816035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             425451                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            220558                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       207440                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              51853541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 215322                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          171623                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       681334                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          648                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       147856                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          327                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          245                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                203850                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4946986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3646301                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           51878282                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5918                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4437078                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1657102                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1336                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  4267                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3623378                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         46922                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       189486                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              236408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             48181920                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4090601                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           384119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5675030                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6332307                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1584429                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.577940                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      48102857                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     48023475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 37534327                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 58513097                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.572751                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.641469                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8540288                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            261                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           203734                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29335797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.477351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.689440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20035924     68.30%     68.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2059241      7.02%     75.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       502996      1.71%     77.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1626532      5.54%     82.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       652410      2.22%     84.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       743210      2.53%     87.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       261403      0.89%     88.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       132327      0.45%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3321754     11.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29335797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            23070826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              43339258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5264972                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3755735                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   5931572                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    204538                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 43274748                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               78590                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        42930      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        37974368     87.62%     87.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          35262      0.08%     87.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            1702      0.00%     87.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20024      0.05%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3754085      8.66%     96.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1328422      3.07%     99.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1650      0.00%     99.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       180815      0.42%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         43339258                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3321754                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    77893589                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  104941505                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          24803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   23070826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     43339258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.323519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.323519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.755561                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.755561                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                65509082                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               40125297                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   225557                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   24618                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 32386941                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                22751063                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               18737103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           127360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            5779710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           127360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.380889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          877                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         21830732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        21830732                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3779775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3779775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1473225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1473225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      5253000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5253000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      5253000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5253000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       136062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       136062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        36781                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36781                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       172843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        172843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       172843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       172843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10580991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10580991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2977306497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2977306497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13558297497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13558297497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13558297497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13558297497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3915837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3915837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1510006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1510006                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5425843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5425843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5425843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5425843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024358                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024358                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77765.952286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77765.952286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80946.861070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80946.861070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78442.849852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78442.849852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78442.849852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78442.849852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5811                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    69.178571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        37280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            37280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        45480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        45480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        45483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        45483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        45483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        45483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        90582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        90582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        36778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       127360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       127360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       127360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       127360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7427804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7427804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2940392499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2940392499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10368196999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10368196999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10368196999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10368196999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024356                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024356                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82000.888698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82000.888698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79949.766137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79949.766137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81408.581965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81408.581965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81408.581965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81408.581965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              416                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.899235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          128586130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         309101.274038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.899235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          665                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8000718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8000718                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1999561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1999561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1999561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1999561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1999561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1999561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42795500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42795500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42795500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42795500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42795500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42795500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2000075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2000075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2000075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2000075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2000075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2000075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83259.727626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83259.727626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83259.727626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83259.727626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 83259.727626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83259.727626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           75                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           96                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85959.330144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85959.330144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85959.330144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85959.330144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85959.330144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85959.330144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    120038                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      142708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    120038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.188857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       42.697670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.795729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16308.506600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        12615                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2164430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2164430                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        37280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            37280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          416                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              416                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              4409                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4409                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             63                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 63                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          3650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              3650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 8059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  63                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                8059                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           32369                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               32369                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          352                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              352                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        86932                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           86932                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             119301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 119653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            119301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                119653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2838769500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2838769500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34628000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34628000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7253325000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7253325000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10092094500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      10126722500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10092094500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     10126722500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        37280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          416                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          416                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         36778                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             36778                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          415                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            415                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        90582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         90582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           127360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               127775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          127360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              127775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.880119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.848193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.848193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.959705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.959705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.848193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.936723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.936435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.848193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.936723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.936435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87700.253329                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87700.253329                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98375                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98375                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83436.766668                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83436.766668                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84593.544899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84634.087737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84593.544899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84634.087737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                31041                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     31041                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        32369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          32369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          352                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          352                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        86932                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        86932                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        119301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            119653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       119301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           119653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2515079500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2515079500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31108000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31108000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6384005000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6384005000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31108000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8899084500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8930192500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31108000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8899084500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8930192500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.848193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.848193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.959705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.959705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.848193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.936723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.936435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.848193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.936723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.936435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77700.253329                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77700.253329                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88375                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88375                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73436.766668                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73436.766668                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74593.544899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74634.087737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74593.544899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74634.087737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        239309                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       119657                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              87284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31041                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            88615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             32369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            32369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         87284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       358962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       358962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 358962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9644416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9644416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9644416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            119653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  119653    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              119653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           371709000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          632363750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       255554                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       127773                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           45                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            396                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          393                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             91000                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        68321                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          416                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          179077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            36778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           36778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        90582                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       382080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                383329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        53184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10536960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               10590144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          120041                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1986816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           247816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.042433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 247378     99.82%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    435      0.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             247816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          165473000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            627000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         191040499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
